# **2020-10-06 Meeting**

## Attendance

* [Please add yourself]
* David A. Wheeler, Linux Foundation
* Dan Lorenc, Google
* Michael Scovetta, Microsoft
* Phil Estes, IBM
* Kay Williams, Microsoft
* Luke Hinds, Red Hat
* Xavier Rene-Corail, GitHub
* CRob, Red Hat
* Jennifer Fernick, NCC Group
* Dan Middleton, Intel
* Maya Kaczorowski, GitHub
* Rao Lakkakula, JPMorgan

(Ryan Haning sends regrets)

## Agenda

* 10/29 Press Release - Kay
    * Get Involved
        * Each WG and committee has a consistent ‘Description’
            * Repository ‘About’ Description’
                * Related issue: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/16](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/16)
            * README.md first paragraph
            * Descriptions show “at the top” because they are pinned repositories
        * Description contains
            * 1-3 sentences
            * What, why, how (see [planning committee](https://github.com/ossf/gb-planning-committee))
            * Want them by Thursday, October 8
        * Description replicated to these locations
            * openssf.org website - get involved page
            * press release WG and committee overview
* Administrative
    * New meeting invite/calendar solution - Kay
        * Delay for next quarter?
    * Security Community GB Representative Update \
([https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd61bqfR_siMDvWlCC4s3jKxaVAVbOIIrt9_EwDqZ23VPmMlQ/viewform?usp=sf_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd61bqfR_siMDvWlCC4s3jKxaVAVbOIIrt9_EwDqZ23VPmMlQ/viewform?usp=sf_link))
    * Town Hall Meeting - week of November 9
* Update on consolidation of CII & OpenSSF initiatives (David Wheeler)
    * Discuss CII Best Practices badge “home” WG - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WMwlOecmZSekhZnX-HFsIfHGz5wu1etNYncs_k7jcBo/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WMwlOecmZSekhZnX-HFsIfHGz5wu1etNYncs_k7jcBo/edit?usp=sharing)
* Working Group Updates (please type them in here)
    * Vuln-coordination wg:  
        * Decided upon 3 objectives to work on; will update readme file with new template and objectives
        * Got briefing on CSAF & MITRE standards current states around sharing vuln info (through CVE) and advisories (through CSAF [formerly CVRF])
        * Will reach out to CERT/CC for briefing on [VINCE](https://www.sei.cmu.edu/news-events/news/article.cfm?assetid=641759) vuln coordination tool & open sourcing efforts
    * Best practices: 
        * Organisation: CRob new lead, Xavier co-lead
        * Preparation of the release of the EdX course on secure code fundamentals
        * OWASP SKF (learning platform): 
            * upcoming release of the new UI, 
            * preparing the release of a public infra: this will need funding, 
            * adding new sources of knowledge (GitHub CodeQL) 
* Review remaining PRs / Issues: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/)
    * Propose closing [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/7](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/7)
    * Propose closing [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/26](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/26)
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/18](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/18) Blocked on [https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/issues/9](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/issues/9)
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/14](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/14) depends on [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/27](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/27)