# **2020-10-20 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself)

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Dan Middleton (Intel)
* CRob (Red Hat)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Rao Lakkakula (JPMChase)
* Lindsay Mays Gendreau (Linux Foundation)
* Luke Hinds (red hat)
* Maya Kaczorowski (GitHub)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group) 
* Phil Estes (IBM)

## Agenda

* 10/29 Press Release - Kay
    * On track - reviewing with OpenSSF member organizations
* 11/9 Town Hall meeting - Kay
    * Announcement ([here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TWli38xa4po73YJENJZigLZ5u0fZ-ZsyOSxE6Q2_sPs/edit))
    * Send later today if no concerns
* Get Involved ([https://openssf.org/getinvolved](https://openssf.org/getinvolved)) - Kay
    * Draft ([here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12rDsqWyMZU8F62EEX3V__RISONYU0k0BlWKT23x5p2E/edit#))
    * Update later today if no concerns
* Security Community GB Representative - Jennifer 
    * Update (Lindsay)
    * One system that supports ranked voting is Condorcet Internet Voting Service, [https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/](https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/) - expect voting per contributor (not per organization). More info: [https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/sec_priv.html](https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/sec_priv.html)
* Issues Review
    * Assign owners?
    * Status? Add all WG meetings to public calendar &lt;[https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/18](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/18)> & Add Meeting Invites to Public Calendar &lt;[https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/issues/9](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/issues/9)>
    * Recommend close [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/14](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/14) (@chrisfer)
    * Is license policy clear? [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/26](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/26)
    * Is there remaining action for TAC here: Fill GB Security Community Individual Representative Seat [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/22](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/22)	
        * Make an announcement once the submitted list of names is finalized, allowing for voting
    * Is `ping @rhaning` sufficient? [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/21](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/21)
    * David: Didnâ€™t TAC want to review each WG charter? Should an issue be created? - David created GitHub issues (issues 29-34), Ryan will assign them to the leads
    * Charter for TCs is heavyweight, many WGs only have a few members. Should there be a lighter weight option? Potential topic for next time.