# **2020-09-22 Meeting**

## Attendance (PLEASE ADD YOURSELF):
* Ryan Haning, Microsoft
* David A. Wheeler, Linux Foundation
* Dan Lorenc, Google
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Kay Williams, Microsoft
* Dan Middleton, Intel
* Lindsay Mays Gendreau, Linux Foundation
* Phil Estes, IBM
* Chris Ferris (IBM observing)

## Agenda

* Role of TAC (vs. Governing Board, etc.) [dlorenc]
    * Goals?
    * Principles/Values?
    * Interaction with WGs?
    * from Mike Dolan: Any actual creation work should be in the Working Groups. The TAC is helpful for establishing and helping coordinate across Working Groups. The Governing Board shouldn’t really impact anything you’re all working on / building unless you want to say do something with a trademark program, request budget for something, or things that don’t involve technical collaboration. My general rule is if a new activity fits into the scope of an existing Working Group, it should be done there, and if not, the TAC is a good place to coordinate where it should go. See: [https://github.com/ossf/foundation/blob/main/Review%20Copy%20Only%20-%20Not%20for%20Execution_OpenSSF%20Participation%20Agreement%20and%20Charter%20(rev.%202020%2009%2011).pdf](https://github.com/ossf/foundation/blob/main/Review%20Copy%20Only%20-%20Not%20for%20Execution_OpenSSF%20Participation%20Agreement%20and%20Charter%20(rev.%202020%2009%2011).pdf)
    * Ryan will work out a summary of the various roles & post, perhaps via a chart
* Governing Board TAC Rep - Dan Lorenc is official!
* Security Community Individual Representative - [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/22](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/22)
* Working Group Updates
    * WG leads invited to TAC meetings
    * Process for formalizing
        * WG Lifecycles: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/13](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/13)
    * Readme.md updates
        * PR: [https://github.com/ossf/project-template/pull/1](https://github.com/ossf/project-template/pull/1)
    * WG summaries for 10/29 Press Release
* 10/29 Planning Milestone (Press Release) Items
    * Announce GB Seats
        * TAC Representative - [https://github.com/ossf/gb-strategy-committee/issues/10](https://github.com/ossf/gb-strategy-committee/issues/10)
        * Security Community Individual Representative - [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/22](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/22)
    * Announce OpenSSF, CII, and LF Consolidation -  [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/25](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/25) 
        * edX course -> Best Practices WG (done)
        * Badge program -> Identifying Security Threats WG
        * Census, Survey -> Securing Critical Software WG
        * LF Security Projects (OpenSSH, OpenBSD, Linux kernel) -> Security Critical Software WG
        * “I think we’re all in agreement (in the TAC) at moving these in”
        * If something fits within an existing WG, TAC doesn’t need to approve it.
        * Funding issues will be discussed at GB separately.
        * Action: David Wheeler to propose each to the respective WG (completed 2020-09-22, including notification to the Best Practices WG about the proposed placement of the CII Best Practices badge) and each WG will decide and communicate back to the TAC.
    * Announce Technical Initiatives
        * Need name, short description (aligned with README.md)
        * Marketing/PR will help wordsmith short description
    * New ‘Get Involved’ experience
        * WGs help needed to create consistent names, descriptions, README.mds
* Review remaining Open Issues: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/13)