# **2020-08-21 Meeting**

## Attendance (PLEASE ADD YOURSELF):

* David A. Wheeler, Linux Foundation
* Phil Estes, IBM
* Kay Williams, Microsoft
* Dan Lorenc, Google
* Kim Lewandowski, Google
* Ryan Haning, Microsoft
* Maya Kaczorowski, GitHub
* Dan Middleton, Intel
* Jennifer Fernick, NCC Group 
* Todd Benzies, Linux Foundation
* Lindsay Mays Gendreau, Linux Foundation
* Chris Aniszczyk, Linux Foundation
* Chris Ferris, IBM
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Rob Cuddy, HCL
* Rao Lakkakula, JPMC
* Joshua Lock, VMware

## Agenda
*  First meeting, intros + welcome!
        * Note: TAC meetings are generally recorded & later posted publicly. This meeting IS being recorded.
    * Introducing LF Program Management Help: Todd/Lindsay
    * Bookkeeping
        * TAC Meeting Cadence (monthly? biweekly?)
            * Biweekly (every other week) at least to start; it may later change (e.g., monthly)
        * Chair/GB rep selection
            * Instructions will be sent out next Monday via email. One week to self-nominate, followed by one week for the election.
        * Audit WGs (are meeting minutes public finally)
        * How to raise issues to TAC/ What is the role of TAC?
            * See [charter](https://github.com/ossf/foundation/blob/main/OpenSSF%20Participation%20Agreement%20and%20Funding%20Charter%2020200716.pdf) (section 6(e))
        * Are TAC meetings open?
            * **Yes, open to all**
        * There can be private discussions, Lindsay will create a list. In general, discussions should be public
    * Repo creation/maintenance
        * OpenSSF Community Calendar
    * Next steps for incubating WGs?
        * TAC needs to setup lifecycle process for all WGs
            * How to propose new ones?
            * See GitHub issue for discussion about this: [Chris A. will create the issue] ??
        * TAC will periodically review WG status
        * We don’t expect everyone will make every TAC meeting
    * Kay: OpenSSF Technical Vision
        * Create a technical vision to help guide our priorities?
        * [Here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t1U4MGVgQLwazM895vzIThjbhoD6z77G7Y6gpXrCxrc/edit?usp=sharing) is a document as a potential starting point?
        * Subcommittee to work on this?
            * Maybe this should be the job of the TAC itself
            * Another option: Have the GB Strategy subcommittee, which is already open, combine with the TAC to discuss this. There’s already heavy overlap
            * Kim: “That’s fine as long as some of the technical folks are involved in this”
            * Work out overall scope/mission/strategy. TAC should be developing the technical aspects.
            * GB Strategy subcommittee is meeting weekly - it’s on the OpenSSF [shared calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=czYzdm9lZmhwNWk5cGZsdGI1cTY3bmdwZXNAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ): 
            * [https://github.com/ossf/gb-strategy-committee](https://github.com/ossf/gb-strategy-committee)
            * 
    * TAC meeting time:
        * Need to create a Doodle poll for a better time for this group - for Europeans, can we put this later in day. Todd will create that poll
    * Need to choose how information will be shared
        * Possible options include
            * GitHub discussions (keep all on GitHub)? (It’s like Discourse)
            * GitHub issues
            * Email lists
            * Google docs
        * Would prefer that all OpenSSF WGs & TAC all do the same thing
        * There will be a mailing list for private discussions, that’s different
        * Kay: I”m a fan of mailing lists
        * Dan Middleton: Me too, especially because they work across timezones
        * Ryan: Let’s give people 1-2 weeks to evaluate GitHub Discussions, TAC can then vote about email lists vs. GitHub discussions
        * Consensus: Consistency is important, we’ll vote on the specific communication mechanism to be used in 1-2 weeks
    * Dan - 6 month timeline to determine long-term representation
        * There’s a GitHub issue identifying the need for this
        * In one of the next few TAC meetings should discuss this in more detail, there are several  options
    * Dan/Luke: Potential change to identity WG [scope](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_9jZSQLzoeqD8cgYMiRWRSdI7O5P1wJwdRjlXBKErUU/edit#) / Developer identity working group scope
        * Idea was that developers would automatically write out (attest) various information that later consumers could examine
        * Developer identity could then be part of that (e.g., “here’s information about me” as part of that attestation)
        * Jennifer Fernick: Can we step back, look at things at a whole, & then see how they fit (together). Otherwise it might be hard to make cohesive later.Gap analysis?
        * Maya K: Worried about developer ID might be negative. The rescope might overlap other groups. Taking an outside approach might help.
        * “Supply chain can easily become broadly scoped”
        * Ryan H: I don’t have a problem with rescoping per se, but need to look at the bigger picture.
        * Jennifer F: Having map of territory can help, otherwise can be lots of overlap
        * Maybe have each WG present what they’ve done so far
        * Luke will ask WG to propose new scope, which it will take to the TAC