# **2020-12-15 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Maya Kaczorowski (GitHub)
* Dan Middleton (Intel)
* Kay Williams (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (IBM) 
* Jon Zeolla (Seiso)
* Altaz Valani (Security Compass)
* Lindsay Mays Gendreau (Linux Foundation)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)
* Kim Lewandowski (Google)

## Agenda

* OpenSSF Technical Vision
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/40](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/40)
    * ~~Draft ([Google Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iw01-grJgGtFQeWTI-LN59vKrJ4sfG6Igvz9pYqrFak/edit#))~~ (superseded by PR: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/47](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/47))
    * Reviewed and modified based on feedback from meeting participants
    * Next Steps:
        * Electronic Vote - due by January 8
        * Kay to discuss with Ryan to kick off vote after 1st of the year
* Working Group Lifecycle
    * Consider ratifying/merging or otherwise iterating on WG Lifecycle:
    * https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/41
    * Next steps:
        * Dan Lorenc will send out an email for TAC members to use GitHub to approve (done)
        * Dan Middleton will create new issue for discussion of â€˜what is a working group allowed to doâ€™
            * Done: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/44](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/44)
        * Side note - Dan Lorenc will add all TAC members as owners for the TAC repo
* Finalize TAC election process
    * https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/15
    * Simplified version of CNCF
    * Other approach - each WG lead is member of TAC, makes size of TAC unbounded, creates incentive to restrict new WGs, etc.
    * Discussion about # of members - is 7 too big, too small
        * Bigger - difficult to coordinate (quorum requirement)
        * TAC should be working on oversight, most of the work should be done in the WGs/Projects)
    * How do we identify â€˜contributors to technical projectsâ€™
        * Kubernetes does this by identifying individuals who have had activity on a project (created issue, commented on issue, etc.)
        * Another project - â€˜measurable contributionâ€™ = â€˜commitâ€™
        * Exception process for people have contributed documentation (e.g. for wiki pages)
        * Attended x # of meetings, committer
    * Next step:
        * David/Lindsay to send the proposal to Mike Dolan for review, make sure the rules regarding voting are OK. Potential issue about limitation to x # of members (1 or 2) per organization
            * David send email after this call to understand rules, guidelines, issues, constraints.
        * One more pass at proposal to accomplish the following:
            * Clarify process for identifying â€˜contributors of technical projectsâ€™
            * Add statement about # of TAC members per organization (David will research)
        * Discuss (and possibly vote) at next meeting (January 12)
    * Must be filled by February

Unicode includes a swan, which looks like a goose: ðŸ¦¢. This is  U+1F9A2, accessible in Slack as :swan: . More information here: [https://emojipedia.org/swan/](https://emojipedia.org/swan/). Thereâ€™s also the Unicode Han characters 'goose' (U+9D5E) and â€˜wild gooseâ€™ U+9D08, but those can only be understood by those who can read Chinese characters