# **2020-09-08 Meeting**

## Attendance (PLEASE ADD YOURSELF):
* Ryan Haning, Microsoft
* Dan Lorenc, Google
* Jennifer Fernick, NCC Group 
* Phil Estes, IBM
* Kay Williams, Microsoft
* Rao Lakkakula, JPMorgan Chase
* Maya Kaczorowski, GitHub
* Jamie Cool
* Todd Benzies, Linux Foundation
* David A. Wheeler, Linux Foundation
* Lindsay Mays Gendreau, Linux Foundation
* Kim Lewandowski, Google

Note: Luke is not able to join due to conflict

# Agenda
* Administrative updates
    * Settings agenda and requesting agenda items - please put agenda items on the top of this Google docs so they won’t be forgotten. They can also be put on GitHub as issues, but also put them here.
        * Sharing information poll results? Mailing lists were the most preferred for official communication. Lindsey will create mailing lists for each working group.
            * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/7](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/7)
        * Slack
            * Invite Link: [https://join.slack.com/t/openssf/shared_invite/zt-h4z7evg1-QYF45BuqFXnLGSVwnw9DCA](https://join.slack.com/t/openssf/shared_invite/zt-h4z7evg1-QYF45BuqFXnLGSVwnw9DCA)
            * Free Account: after 10,000 messages, they will start to delete. So don’t use this for anything that needs to be recorded for later! Use mailing lists, GitHub issues for formal communication. There’s a HUGE cost to go beyond the free account.
            * Have casual conversations, anything that needs a decision/vote should be reserved for meeting times and/or GH/Mailing List (whatever route the TAC decides)
        * Cadence of TAC meetings going forward
            * Keep at this time? Yes for now. Tuesdays, 8a-9a PT/ 11a-12pET, every other week
        * [dlorenc] WG meetings
            * Place all invites on community calendar?: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/18](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/18)
            * Security tools WG isn’t on community calendar yet, need to fix that
            * Need to have a mechanism so newly-added members can easily get accesses, added to correct working group
            * Formalization: What does “being a WG member” mean? How does that happen?
            * Could create a “GitHub Team” for each WG, add a member of OpenSSF to that GitHub Team, and then can add the rest
            * Upload recordings to youtube channel
    * Governing Board updates [kayw]
        * Governing Board Representative - Security Community Individual Representative elected by contributors to Technical Initiatives.
            * Per the charter, there can only be two representatives in the GB from one organization.
            * This representative needs to be elected - TAC needs to (eventually) decide how to do that
            * Would like to complete by October 30 press release, though that’s not required.
            * Needed: TAC rep, community rep, and 3 new members
            * Goal of community rep: Encourage security representation that’s not from the bigger companies (who already have representatives at GB)
        * gb-strategy-committee
            * Weekly OpenSSF-wide (GB, TAC) planning meeting
            * Open to everyone (details [here](https://github.com/ossf/gb-strategy-committee))
            * Current focus - plan for Oct. 30 Press Release
                * Announce New OSSF Members
                * Announce GB and TAC Formation
                * Announce Working Groups
                    * Show momentum and cohesion
                    * Similar level of information and depth for all WG
                    * Consistent approach to ‘Get Involved’ across WGs
                    * Consolidation of OpenSSF and CII efforts
                        * OpenSSF Best Practices WG and EdX training course
                        * OpenSSF Security Threats WG (Metrics Project) and CII Best Practices Badge)
                        * Census of Critical Open Source Software (merge with Security Threats? Securing Critical Projects?)
                        * Survey of Open Source Developers (merge with Security Threats? Securing Critical Projects?)
                        * Grant programs (merge with Security Critical Projects?)
                        * Next step - discuss with CII Steering Committee - Kay and David to discuss
            * Quarterly planning cadence (goals, reports, press releases)
            * Forum for collaboration across GB, TAC on budget, new working groups, etc.
    * Working Group updates (within each TAC meeting, want each WG lead to present status from last 2-4 weeks)
        * TAC needs to formalize and approve current working groups for their name & scope
            * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/13](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/13)
            * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/9](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/9)
        * Every WG needs to fill in their template with name, scope, etc. - “governance.md”. Perhaps we can take “Identify security threats” version as a template/example. Also create a template for readme.md.
        * Please make sure that the WG name & scope match - change as needed
        * Next TAC, will formalize each WG & consider approval
        * wg-developer-identity-verification
            * concerns about ‘forcing’ developers to have strong verification
            * This requires real time, will schedule separate meeting about this
            * “Let’s make sure that all our initial work is universally positive”
            * Jamie Cool: I worry about this one. Too much nuance, could brand badly. Are we picking the tasks that don’t carry too much risk?
            * Maybe rename this group to eliminate misunderstandings
        * So next weeks’ “developer id” WG will work out a draft scope, will use as a template/starting point
    * GitHub pending issues:
        * [dlorenc] What to do with budget requests? [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/19](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/19)
        * [dlorenc] [Code locations: ](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-oss-developers/blob/main/meeting-minutes.md)"Should the project move under the OSSF GitHub org or can it stay under Glenn's personal ownership?"
    * Quick Note: the LF is already funding some security audits for the Linux kernel via CommunityBridge & OSTIF: [https://funding.communitybridge.org/ostif/27e54060-371f-48b6-a8fc-a0aaf96875b0/financial](https://funding.communitybridge.org/ostif/27e54060-371f-48b6-a8fc-a0aaf96875b0/financial)