# **2021-01-12 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* Dan Middleton (intel)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (Amazon)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)
* Rao Lakkakula (JPM Chase)
* Maya Kaczorowski (GitHub)
* Altaz Valani (Security Compass)
* Chris Horn (Secure Decisions)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group) 
* Kay Williams (Microsoft)

## Agenda:

* Ratify OpenSSF Technical Vision (Ryan/Kay)
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/47](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/47)
    * Add clause ‘according to our values’ (Chris Horn)
    * Merge final (someone from TAC)
    * Draft content for blog, announce email, twitter feed (Kay)
        * Share with TAC for review
    * Coordinate with Lindsay to add to website (Kay)
        * Create a durable URL for values as well
    * TAC members to have a conversation in Working Groups
    * Integrate vision into readme page (Ryan)
* Ratify Working Group Lifecycle (Ryan/Dan M.)
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/41](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/41)
    * Ratified by those present (though approvals already noted in PR)
* TAC Election Process Proposal Update (Lindsay)
    * Discuss next meeting when Lindsay is available
* OpenSSF 2021 Roadmap (Kay)
    * Feed into 2021 budget process / priorities
    * We can build on “wishlist” but obviously cannot do all of them. Wishlist: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yLo713am8_hvU90Lw0YdYBvXhfTjh7Shn4ATXPNX9ic/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yLo713am8_hvU90Lw0YdYBvXhfTjh7Shn4ATXPNX9ic/edit)
    * We now need the “middle piece” that selects from the wishlist, building from our vision. Probably should work on that outside this meeting.
    * Participants - WG Leads, Ryan, Kay, David
    * Both bottom-up & top-down process to identify the list of things to do. Make sure we identify a lead for each one (don’t need to identify everyone who will work on something, but if we can’t find a lead it won’t be done).
    * Kay Williams will kick off the process.
* License/CLA discussion (still open?) [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/26](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/26)
    * David & Lindsay talked with Scott Nicolas (LF legal) yesterday, the LF recommends devolving this down to WGs/projects. Concern appears to be that the technical charter was considered “too complex”.
    * Scott will draft up “something simpler” for discussion; if people have specific comments on problems with the technical charter, please let us know (at least David & Lindsay)
    * “We thought that the project charter was too complex” - let’s provide a list of acceptable (pre-approved) licenses - come up with a “default charter”
    * OpenSSF GB - have licensing in OpenSSF charter, with a process for requesting an exception.
    * Technical Charter discussed “TSC” & so on, seemed too much.
    * Look for “lightweight charter” & GB license policy
* (FYI: SolarWinds Article - sudden hurry) (David)