# **2021-04-20 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* Carly Driggers (Linux Foundation)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Xavier Rene-Corail (GitHub)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Dan Middleton (intel)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Rao Lakkakula (JPMChase)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group) 
* Kay Williams (Microsoft)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Vinod Anandan (Citi)

## Agenda:

* Review Newsletter / Town Hall Content - Ryan/Kay
* Budget Planning Update - Kay Williams
    * WG funding 
    * External proposals 
* GB Offsite - OpenSSF decision-making - Jennifer Fernick 
    * More details once this is formalized - future TAC meeting  sometime in May 
* Outreach/Conferences - Jennifer Fernick 
    * If interested in this, please email Jennifer Fernick 
    * All are welcome
    * Scope can include:
        * Outreach to security researchers 
        * Outreach within OSS community 
        * Outreach to students, junior folks interested in OSS, other geographies/ languages, etc all extremely welcome 
* TAC’s view on participants change in employment and continued participation
    * OpenSSF Charter says max 2 people per “related company” on TAC 
    * Roles don’t go with the company, they go with the individual 
* Roadmap and Wishlist
    * [TAC: OpenSSF Technical Roadmap · Issue #37 · ossf/tac (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/37)
    * Next steps?
        * TODO: All TAC members to preread Wishlist below for next meeting  \
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yLo713am8_hvU90Lw0YdYBvXhfTjh7Shn4ATXPNX9ic/edit#](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yLo713am8_hvU90Lw0YdYBvXhfTjh7Shn4ATXPNX9ic/edit#) 
    * Discussion on this:
        * DW presented this technical roadmap listing of ideas
        * JF proposed blogging about these topics to inspire people/create a wishlist as an onboarding mechanism for folks interested in getting involved 
        * DW proposed cutting down the wishlist to a prioritized list of ideas to narrow the scope to top ideas, JF agreed 
        * We discussed where this could land - possibly planning committee but likely is the scope of the TAC itself so could be done by a subset of the TAC (where it might actually be the set that is the TAC) 
        * Ways of prioritize items - small group? voting/markup to doc? Future discussion? 
        * DM also highlighted issue of sustained contributions - having the prioritized projects can help us get headcount from our companies as well to get projects actually completed
        * We decided to discuss this next TAC meeting - please preread above to prepare 