# **2021-05-04 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Carly Driggers (Linux Foundation)
* CRob (Intel)
* Rao Lakkakula (JPMChase)
* Ryan Haning
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group) 
* Kay Williams
* Luke Hinds
* Vinod
* Dan Lorenc (joined late)

## Agenda:

* Town Hall recap
    * Ryan: I thought it went fairly well
    * David: I thought it went very well. The only sadness was not as many people, the content was good.
    * Rao: I liked the “In the news”
    * Kay: If we can show in the news AND what we’re doing connects to it, we can show value.
    * Kay: Stats: second meeting ~90 registered ~70 attend, this last time ~70 registered ~40 attended.
    * Kay: We could just keep doing what we’re doing. We could shift to do longer cadence between each. We could also do these as joint in-person/virtual conferences, that is, co-locate with another conference.
    * Rao: One time we could have “more friendly time for Europe” & another time “more friendly for US”
    * David: Could add a third time friendly to China/Australia/Japan/etc.
    * Jennifer: The town halls have been good so far. Maybe we should lead what we’re going to talk about in the announcements. Maybe we cut to 2/year so there’s more content in them.
    * Ryan: Yes, I’m concerned that we’re trying to show things too soon. Switching to presentations once every 6 months might help.
    * Jennifer: We could also switch up the format. E.g., have a panel on supply chain, media is welcome. Maybe find a hot topic. Bring in TAC, OpenSSF in general ,etc., put together panel.
    * DavidW: If we do that (e.g., a panel discussion), I think its name should be clearly different so that it’s clearly very different.
    * Rao: Maybe call it something other than “Town Hall”.
    * Kay: Great thoughts, I’ll bring them back to the planning group.
    * Jennifer: can we make them more meaningfully interactive? E.g., speak up on how a project should go. Give people the mike.
    * CRob: We could evangelize the event better, too.
    * Linux Security Summit CFP has opened up. Contact Jennifer Fernick 
* DCI Proposal - Dan Middleton (not here, will postpone to next meeting)
* Forum for package vendors to collaborate - Michael Scovetta
    * Ryan: Npm, nuget, etc., all suffer from the same thing
    * Possibly create WG or forum or place so suppliers can come together to have these discussions. Like a panel or way to share ideas, threats & potential fixes.
    * “package-manager-repo-suppliers”
    * Could even have subgroups 
    * Maybe a panel.
    * DavidW: Call them suppliers not vendors (not all selling). Get repo managers AND package manager authors involved, not always the same.
    * DavidW: Could create its own WG?
    * Jennifer: Maybe start by creating a panel/summit, curate who reach out to. E.g., who are the maintainers of these things.
    * Kay: GitHub did this about a year ago, held at GitHub conference. William Bartholomew led it. People were interested in meeting again, that might be a starting point to leverage. 
* Roadmap discussion ([OpenSSF Technical Initiative Wishlist - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yLo713am8_hvU90Lw0YdYBvXhfTjh7Shn4ATXPNX9ic/edit#))
    * We have a wishlist, how can we pull from it to select things to work on
    * Jennifer: It might be useful to think about things with varying scope. At least a few smaller projects that a few people can just pick up & do, without needing the overhead of a WG. Some things WGs just don’t work for.
    * Maybe raise each one as an issue.
    * Jennifer: I like doing this as issues, it’s easier to track
    * Ryan: (Next steps?)
    * Jennifer: I like writing things together.
    * DavidW: It’s in Google docs, you can just highlight parts & make comments.
    * Ryan: Okay, use comments & indicate things that look especially important. Next meeting we’ll discuss that & select which parts.
    * Jennifer: Also, identify what might be good beginner projects
    * DavidW: We need people to work on it, so if you’re willing to do something on some item, I suggest noting that in the comments so we’ll know it!
    * Ryan: It’d also be good to have a list of expertise mapped to specific people, so we know who are the experts.
* DavidW: Budget - all requests in? Please send in info!