# **2021-11-16 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Brian Behlendorf (Linux Foundation) 
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Jack K (ControlPlane)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Kay Williams (Microsoft)
* Sergio Rojas 

## Agenda:

* Elections (Dan Lorenc)
    * Nomination process
        * Jennifer: I recommend self-nominations, gets more involvement
        * Aeva: recommend
            * election officials communicate both a timeline and a template to the TAC mailing list 
            * Candidates self-nominate by sending an email to the ML, and optionally including their candidacy platform
            * Election officials  validate candidacy and reply to  ML to  confirm, e.g. “I &lt;name> confirm the eligibility of candidate &lt;name>”
        * Jory:  At end of nomination period, election officials create a single page to list all valid candidates 
    * Which seats are up for election? Community/GB/All
        * Previously discussed: 7 seats total, 4 community, 3 GB - but not clear how to assign current TAC members
            * We could just vote for all seats. There’s a risk of lack of continuity, but maybe could be de-risked if current members willing to help & in practice might not be a problem anyway
            * Hyperledger community has a larger TAC, 15 seats. All re-elected every year. Has not led to full-reset, likely due to large size.
            * Bigger TAC: enables more diversity, more points of view
            * David: Maybe we should also increase TAC size.
            * Aeva: Bigger sizes can make it harder to make decisions & reach consensus.  Are we proposing increasing TAC size merely as a  bandaid to avoid making a hard decision?
            * Jennifer: decision-making process can be used to determine rules of engagement to mitigate the challenges of having a larger TAC, to ensure full participation, etc 
        * Should we increase # seats?
            * Pro: More involvement, more potential diversity, we’re in huge growth & lots of decisions made, easier to have continuity
            * Con: Can be harder to make decisions (for a variety of reasons)
            * Move this to GitHub issue for resolution
        * Sounds like most people want to vote for the whole TAC board
    * Who may vote for community seats? How is the electorate to be determined /  identified / notified?
        * Basically, who are the eligible voters?
        * Option: Who has contributed?
            * (GitHub PR, GitHub issue, Google docs edit) 
            * Code? GH Issues? Google doc contributions? Attended a meeting?
            * We could ask people ~~to email in or ~~Google form (self-nominate for voting) & say “I want to vote, here are some of my contributions”.
                * Google form seems sufficient
                * Aeva suggests ensuring that list of recipients of the google form (e.g., election officials) is transparent.
            * Can give OpaVote “codes” or email addresses to enable them to vote
    * Election tool/site?
        * Jory: LF uses OpaVote (opavote.com). Ballots are private. Stats/engagement are visible.
        * “Don’t go down the rabbit hole of voting system process discussions” - Jory says “Meek STV” is widely used & gets job done. (https://blog.opavote.com/2017/04/meek-stv-explained.html)
        * Keep it simple.
        * Brian: We had used Civs, had a lot of problems with lost votes in email.
    * Which ranking system to use? 
        * Agreed: Ranked Choice
        * Everyone seemed to accept Jory’s suggestion of Meek STV
    * Make the self-nominations for TAC members public - e.g., post on mailing list using template, make sure there are clear timeframes, perhaps not a Google form because of that. K8s does this.
        * Have a candidate statement (e.g., what they’d like to do)
    * Selecting the election officials and timeline
        * When to announce timeline
        * Nomination period. Officials to vet nominees.
        * Election period.
        * Announcement.
    * Prior art from chat:
        * Hyperledger TSC 2021 election: [https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/TSC/TSC+Election+2021](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/TSC/TSC+Election+2021)
        * Knative Steering Committee and TOC:
            * An election directory for TOC 2021: [https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC](https://github.com/knative/community/tree/main/elections/2021-TOC)
            * Steering committee election rules: [https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/STEERING-COMMITTEE.md#election-procedure](https://github.com/knative/community/blob/main/STEERING-COMMITTEE.md#election-procedure)
    * **[Aeva] attempting to capture summary of discussion**
        * TAC seats
            * Full refresh
            * Fully elected
            * Open to anyone to self-nominate
            * Self-nomination via email to TAC mailing list
            * Encourage candidates to include a platform / candidate statement (not just a bio)
            * _TBD: do we increase # of TAC seats from 7? Take this to GH to discuss_
        * Electorate
            * Request folks self-submit to be given a ballot
            * Use a google form to collect submissions
            * Election officials validate information
            * Use loose definition of “contribution” to the community to enable wide participation 
        * Election process
            * Use “opavote” system with “meek stv” ranked-choice voting
            * Election officials to announce the timeline on the mailing list
            * At the end of the nomination period, election officials to compile a list of all candidates and publish
            * Officials to validate eligibility for voting participation, may need help from community members to verify claims of participation (e.g. if not tracked on github)Í
* Sigstore (Luke Hinds & Dan Lorenc) - sigstore is interested in joining the OpenSSF as a project
    * Sigstore enables people to easily sign, verify, and attest all supply chain artifacts. See: [https://www.sigstore.dev/](https://www.sigstore.dev/)
    * Proposed to add to OpenSSF as a stand-alone project, see: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/64](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/64)
    * Sigstore would like to be a stand-alone project, not within any particular WG. This is  allowed by charter & is being done with Alpha-Omega. It could be affiliated with a WG, such as the Supply Chain Integrity (formerly digital attestation) WG, but sigstore is a very large project (400 contributors) that is focused on providing a significant operational production capability. In addition, it has its own separate set of organizations who have committed funding specifically to sigstore, thus sigstore needs to be handled as its own “line item”. It seems to make more sense as a stand-alone project not within any particular WG.
    * Discussion: does this need a GB vote in addition to a TAC vote? 
        * Complicating factor here: there has been funding already collected, designated for the purpose of supporting the infrastructure requirements of sigstore.
    * **On voice vote of TAC, there were no objections and no deferments and many “yeses”. Sigstore is accepted into the OpenSSF by the TAC as a project (as sibling to WGs & Alpha-Omega).**
* Digital Identity Attestation WG approved rename/rescope to Supply Chain Integrity WG (Kay Williams)
    * Next Steps: - rename WG, draft & review new charter, readme, etc.
    * Need some help from Jory to make it happen