# **2021-10-19 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Brian Behlendorf (Linux Foundation)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* CRob (Intel)
* Rao Lakkakula (JPMorgan Chase)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jory Burson (LF)
* Dan Lorenc,
* Kay Williams (Microsoft)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Sergio Rojas
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)

## Agenda:

* Governing Board meeting, November 5 (Brian Behlendorf)
* Brian Behlendorf: has led Hyperledger & LF Public Health (LFPH)
    * We now have $4.5M membership, & Google/Microsoft have separately raised $5M for Alpha-Omega
    * Big believer in open meetings (transparency). We’re here to help channel the expertise here, spending the money as efficiently & impactfully as possible.
    * LF runs on yearly budget cycles. Typically there’s an annual budget cycle of deciding budget.
    * Seek from TAC: guidance on the budget request. WG by WG, as well as TAC, want a sense of “what are the most important things going on & what can be accomplished in 2022 & what resources are needed?”
    * Want to know “what would success in 2022 look like?”
    * Want to put it into a deck this week & next. LF will try to organize it, but we need the OpenSSF participants to provide the information to be organized.
    * We need volunteers, one worry is that the added money will hurt the volunteer energy, we need to ensure volunteering continues
    * What needs funding?
        * Travel stipends for sending speakers to conferences
        * Seed projects
        * (Maybe) create a podcast
        * Write articles
        * Have a way to track conferences/podcasts that we want to go to, & make sure someone’s at some of them
        * ½ day workshop (could charge for so it’s self-funding)
        * We have a training department at the LF
        * Fund some research - get more connections with researchers in the field
        * 1/2 day workshops/hands-on around larger events is always possible (like day 0 events around the bigger LF events); I think a lot of people want to learn what all these things really *mean* to them.. SBOMs, signing/validation in CI/CD, etc.
        * foundation grant/scholarship, e.g., https://www.iamcybersafe.org/s/scholarships
        * Example: https://edscoop.com/cisco-hbcu-cybersecurity-compliance/
* Sigstore/OSSF - (Luke/Dan)
    * Luke Hinds gave an overall summary about sigstore - available at [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11bhGNgi4YD41krEi-hx9opWH07Egub7JKHVWymL1-tA/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11bhGNgi4YD41krEi-hx9opWH07Egub7JKHVWymL1-tA/edit)
    * A big cost is 24-hour coverage for support
    * Do we need a TAC vote to include sigstore in OpenSSF?
    * Brian: We could split *code* vs. running in operations
    * Ryan Haning: Let’s create a GitHub issue for discussion & then voting
* TAC Elections
    * Working with Jory & Brian to get that figured out by Nov 5
    * If you have concerns/questions/advice, please reach out