# **2021-05-18 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation) (expected)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Mark Cox (Red Hat) (first 30 mins only)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Kay Williams (Microsoft)
* Dan Middleton (Intel)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)

## Agenda:

* US  Executive Order
    * Provides opportunities, and risks if we don’t hurry
    * LF blog post about LF projects related to it (by David A. Wheeler); [https://www.linuxfoundation.org/en/blog/how-lf-communities-enable-security-measures-required-by-the-us-executive-order-on-cybersecurity/](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/en/blog/how-lf-communities-enable-security-measures-required-by-the-us-executive-order-on-cybersecurity/)
    * NIST is hosting a workshop in June I'm planning on attending- [https://www.nist.gov/news-events/events/2021/06/enhancing-software-supply-chain-security-workshop-and-call-position](https://www.nist.gov/news-events/events/2021/06/enhancing-software-supply-chain-security-workshop-and-call-position)
    * 
* Diversity, Civility/Equity, Inclusion (DCI) Presentation - Dan Middleton
* Wishlist/roadmap discussion Discuss items to do from the “OpenSSF Technical Initiative Wishlist”  [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yLo713am8_hvU90Lw0YdYBvXhfTjh7Shn4ATXPNX9ic/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yLo713am8_hvU90Lw0YdYBvXhfTjh7Shn4ATXPNX9ic/edit)  as discussed in TAC meeting of May 4. The EO has caused this to become a rush, yet this meeting has run out of time. Now what? Maybe move to planning meetings every Monday
    * OSTIF has developed a proposed list of critical projects & specifics on how to fund security audits/improvements
        * Dan - supportive, but needs funding
    * Will continue as part of Monday Planning Committee