# **2021-03-23 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Carly Driggers (Linux Foundation)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Ryan Haning
* CRob (Red Hat)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)
* Dan Middleton (Intel)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group) 
* Rao Lakkakula (JPMC)
* Vinod Anandan (Citi)
* Vivek Arora
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)

## Agenda:

* Working Group Reviews
    * Dan Lorenc presented on 2 WGs, Digital Identity & Securing Critical Projects
    * [Criteria](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/working-group-lifecycle.md#to-become-active): 
        * Have received TAC approval of the readme.md per Incubating requirements above
        * Have met at least 4 times over a period of at least 2 months since becoming Incubating
        * Have at least 5 regular members from at least 3 different organizations attending regularly as recorded in meeting minutes.
        * Request TAC approval. TAC will vote to approve or provide constructive guidance
    * Digital Identity Attestation WG (Dan L)
        * Showed README
        * Have spent most of the time understanding circumstances - have had many awesome presentations about how people address this, including different trust models, etc. - the recorded videos are some of the best info sources in the world. Everyone does things very different. Most use PGP because there isn’t much else, but they don’t use web of trust.
            * E.g., Debian had a cumbersome process to ensure who people were, but during COVID they had to relax that.
        * Great set of summaries here: [https://openssf.org/blog/2021/01/27/digital-identity-attestation-roundup/](https://openssf.org/blog/2021/01/27/digital-identity-attestation-roundup/)
        * Git Signing with SSH: There’s been work to reduce coupling of git to GPG, in particular to allow the use of SSH. That’s very interesting, 
        * Sigstore (Luke Hinds & Dan Lorenc) - combines transparency logs, etc.
        * The main work product has been to produce a catalog of different approaches that are in use.
        * Ryan Haning: What’s the next step? Do we want to recommend something?
        * Dan: I think that’s still the goal, the problem is that there’s no obvious single set of best practices. The blog post is the best we’ve done so far.
        * David W: Maybe we could create a white paper summary, using the existing blog and with links to the videos
        * Dan: It’s like a long-running conference, experts show up & give talks. It’s really worked well. They’re all interesting & they’re all very different.
        * Dcmiddle: “This is the hardest working group for me to describe”
        * Dan: I thought there would be some obvious best practices we’d identity  in common, and it hasn’t been that way at all. The experts say “stop using PGP” - but there aren’t many alternatives. You can use OpenSSL if you can remember all the commands.
        * Jennifer Fernick: Vulnerability disclosure is in the same boat, OpenPGP is what many use.
    * Securing Critical Projects WG (Dan L)
        * A number of presentations, & some code. We haven’t discussed the code as much b/c we have good presentations
            * OSTIF does a number of audits (they run competitions for audit work)
            * Josh Aas (Let’s Encrypt) discussed rewriting in Rust
            * Harvard’s LISH has been doing analysis. Census II looks for what projects are most important, they also did a survey of OSS developers. LISH is beginning an update to Census II
        * It’s been a match-making exercise
        * One developer did fuzzing on Python code to find problems, had to stop because it was a personal credit card, we found a way to fund continuation
        * PyPI: Found a lot of malware/adware (“malware-ish”)
        * We should probably separate the presentations from code discussions & funding requests
        * Long term: We hope to use the OpenSSF as a direct funding source, but we’re in a holding pattern until that gets set up
        * Ryan: Once we get the funding model worked out, do we have an idea of how to identify what to fund.
        * Dan: There are lots of projects, the real problem is figuring out how to turn money into results. It can take months to find someone who CAN do the work and CAN take the money (they may have full-time jobs, etc., that prevent them from taking money)
        * Dan: E.g., ntpd is really important, but it’s not something people think about.
        * Dan: I haven’t come up with anything other than asking a bunch of people.
        * Dan: package-feeds / malware analysis is part of this WG. We split off monitoring from malware analysis, since monitoring for changes in a repo all by itself is useful & then you can do many different kinds of analysis. Then you can have a separate typosquatting module, etc. Talked with Bloomburg, they now intend to build on this work instead of building their own.
        * There are really 2 different groups, one presenting & one looking for funding
        * Jennifer: Do we have a process for proposals? Do we need proposals to include “who to fund to make this happen”?
        * Dan: We get more ideas as compared to “please fund me to do some work”. Figuring out who will take our money is not so obvious.
        * Jennifer: Probably need to formalize multiple different processes. E.g., “give me money” is one mechanism, but also support “this is an area that needs help”
        * Dan: We need the name of who to give the money to (specific person or company), what they’ll do, how much money. We often don’t get all 3.
        * Getting quotes & running RFPs would make sense.
        * David W: One problem is that some of the projects that most need help won’t write proposals (CII had this problem)
        * So presentations & package-feeds are supposed to be shared, but the discussions go so well that the code discussions get little time right now.
        * Jennifer: It might be good to figure out how to prioritize resources. How will this WG work with TAC & GB? If we knew when money had to be spent that would be helpful too, so we don’t leave money on the table. We should find a way to track the money & drop-dead dates.
        * Dan: Agree, David W helped us avoid that problem (drop dead) last year.
    * These two WGs have met the TAC criteria!
    * Tooling presentation will be at the next TAC (thanks Dan!!)
* Open TAC seat - elect, appoint or wait (because Maya has stepped down)
    * Ryan: My interpretation is that we can wait for the official elections which are coming up anyway
    * Jennifer: Dan raised a good point that we don’t want to put someone else who wasn’t democratically elected, we can operate without one seat filled
    * Ryan: So officially we’re good with waiting. We should work out a process to resolve this in the future.
    * Whose seats will be voted on sooner vs. later?
    * Ryan: TBD, I think we were asking for volunteers first, then random. I don’t know which set we’re voting for first. We can make that a topic for next meeting.
    * Jennifer: We should hammer the process out sooner & work out the timeline.
    * Ryan: We can start discussion on Slack.
    * Next meeting is 6 April, we can try to resolve things by 20 April (the following TAC meeting)
    * There are some election materials in the TAC repo
    * Let’s use GitHub issues tagged with “ElectionProcess”

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
<strong>Working Group</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Description</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Related Projects/Comments</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Digital Identity Attestation (<a href="https://github.com/ossf/wg-digital-identity-attestation">repo</a>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Securing Critical Projects (<a href="https://github.com/ossf/wg-securing-critical-projects">repo</a>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Security Tooling (<a href="https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling">repo</a>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>