# **2021-06-15 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group)
* CRob (Intel)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Rao L (JPMC)
* Vinod Anandan (Citi)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)

## Agenda:

* Cleanup future agenda topics in this document. I think we’ve hit some of these. (Dan M)
* EO follow-up (David?)
    * NIST workshop
    * Lots of activity / questions
    * Trying to create a list of “things to do to improve OSS security (OpenSSF & not)”
* CoC follow-up.  Budget Vote
    * DECISION - Will use github issues to conduct vote
    * Identifying Security Threats WG: $41,600
        *         Hosting:          $1600 Azure credits
        *         Development: $40,000
    * Developer Best Practices WG: $63,100
        *         Operational:  $30,000
        *         Development - SKF SSO WebHook: $13,100
        *         Development - SKF Labs: $20,000
    * OSTIF: $60,000 (out of $2.3M requested)
        * Revise proposal
* Public vs. Private communication - Dan Lorenc
    * John Murdock - Disable private mailing list
    * Create new alias?