# **2021-02-23 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Rao Lakkakula (JPM)
* Dan Lorenc (Google)
* CRob (Red Hat)
* Vinod Anandan (Citi)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Dan Middleton (Intel)
* Nick Ozmore (Veracode)
* Lindsay Gendreau (Linux Foundation)
* Maya Kaczorowski (GitHub)
* Kay Williams (Microsoft)

## Agenda:

* Town Hall review (yesterday’s)
    * Overall view is that Town Hall went really really well!!
    * Kept time perfectly, participants seemed to be very interested
* Quarterly Town Hall Schedule
    * TAC Meeting to Review WG Quarterly Updates
        * Final TAC meeting of the quarter
        * TAC meeting prior to content due date
    * WG, TAC provide content to planning committee for newsletter
        * Friday of the two weeks ahead of newsletter
        * Example Friday April 16
    * Planning committee (including GB, TAC) review content
        * Week ahead of newsletter
        * Example Week of 4/19
    * Newsletter (blog, email, tweet)
        * Last Thursday of quarter (January, April, July, October)
        * Example 4/29
    * Town Hall meeting
        * First week of next quarter
* Intellectual Property Policy - Kay
* GB Offsite update
* WG Review and Formalization
    * Promote WGs from ‘Incubation’ to ‘Active’
        * See [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/working-group-lifecycle.md](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/working-group-lifecycle.md) 
    * Review and vote on Best Practices, Vulnerabilities, Identifying Security Threats on 3/9
    * Review and vote on Digital Identity Attestation, Securing Critical Projects, Security Tooling on 3/23
    * Reviews are capped at 20 minutes each, discussion will continue at a future meeting if needed