# **2022-07-12 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself)



* Aeva Black (microsoft, **TAC**)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* VM (Vicky) Brasseur (Wipro)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jenn Bonner (LF, OpenSSF)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Appu Goundan (Google)
* Khahil White (Linux Foundation)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC** Chair)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Coby Allred (Microsoft)
* Randall T. Vásquez (Gentoo)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Brian Behglendorf (LF, OpenSSF)
* Jay White (Microsoft)

Agenda:



* (Jenn) July 18 Town Hall - call for participation from WG Chairs or other Community members
    * About a week away!
    * Would like to keep this a bit more high-level
    * Would like some WG volunteers to lend a hand
        * Don’t want this to be presentations from OpenSSF staff - we CAN do that, but it really should be from the OpenSSF community
        * Probably WG leads, TAC members, or project/SIG leads
    * Considering pushing it out a week or two?
        * No strong feelings about this
        * CRob: I’m tapped out, if we could defer this to a later date I’d love to support it
        * VM: I’d rather delay it so we promote it
        * Brian: How about early/mid August instead? If we’re going to promote, we need to ID speakers so we can promote them!
        * Okay, by next TAC call, let’s get people committed.
        * Jacques can participate, if in mid-Aug. 
        * Arnaud: In Europe most people are vacationing - may not be a lot of attendees from Europe in August
        * **ACTION**: Jenn to send follow-up to WG leads, SIF, project leads, etc. on new date, and continue to recruit speakers. Identify speakers by next TAC call. 
* (Dan) - PyPI 2FA rollout/backlash. Should we consider making a statement of support?
    * Try to get something drafted in next few days
    * Josh: We should do more than a comment, & would like Jacques to comment. We could do more, e.g., resources.
    * Support burden for 2FA - Jacques: we have put up the idea of a “shared help desk”, haven’t gotten further. We need data about MFA rollouts. What’s the frequency of resets of MFAs (when they lose keys/phones), can any large organizations give us that data?
    * Abhishek:
        * Some metrics on 2fa launch in just 3 days (i synced with Dustin before he went on vacation): In just 3 days since launch, we have very impressive results:
        * - 500+ critical maintainers have enabled 2FA.
        * - 200+ critical maintainers have ordered titan security keys.
        * - 100+ non-critical projects have also enabled 2FA (1.6K+ maintainers)
    * Aeva: MFAs are valuable, though not a panacea. Some developers see that as a burden.
    * Brian: It’s nuanced. The report should say “yes, there are extra efforts, but there are good reasons to do this [at least for critical projects]”
    * Josh: I want to ensure it’s more than a statement. Want to do more work.
    * David: We do have some more Yubikey tokens available from GitHub from the “Great MFA Project (SIG)”
    * David: Process: Dan will draft, will send link to TAC. Make sure it explains why to do it.
    * Aeva: It is nuanced.
* (David A. Wheeler) - Proposal to TAC: enforce DCOs on all pull requests on the GitHub “ossf” organization repos, after warning the OpenSSF WG leads & giving WGs a few weeks.
    * DCOs are required by the OpenSSF charter, but since they’re not enforced they often don’t happen.
    * DCOs are easy to add (e.g., in “git commit” add the “-s” option)
    * There’s a GitHub bot available to enforce DCOs. This is already used by the OpenSSF Best Practices badge without problems.
    * Bob C: +1 to doing things programmatically, see [https://github.com/todogroup/gh-issues/issues/50#issuecomment-1148657762](https://github.com/todogroup/gh-issues/issues/50#issuecomment-1148657762) for approach
    * Aeva: +1, should be done programmatically. Not sure it should be enforced on ALL repos in ossf.
    * Aeva: note that DCO does not require Legal Names to be used. See Mike Dolan’s comments: [https://github.com/cncf/foundation/issues/383#issuecomment-1178254458](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/issues/383#issuecomment-1178254458) 
    * David: Okay, I’ll create a draft email to the WG leads that notes this will be turned in a few weeks & the legal names issue (no, we don’t require legal names). We’ll plan to turn it on in a few weeks; we can always turn it back off if there’s a real problem.
    * Aeva: +1 Chris. I'll go further. It MUST be a real email that can be used to reach the contributor, and a Common Name by which that contributor can be identified to others.
* (David A. Wheeler) - Note: I intend to create a small group to review GitHub org permissions for the GitHub “ossf” (OpenSSF) organization & eventually create some procedures.
    * This was a request from the planning group meeting of 2022-07-11.
    * We want to minimize privileges without interfering with getting work done.
    * Volunteers desired :-).
* (Aeva) Notice & Call for Comment on TAC governance update // [PR #112](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/112)
    * Brian requests to separate out financial / procedural changes into a second PR
    * Brian expressed concern about projects stagnating at “Incubating”
        * Aeva: this is a good conversation for TAC to deliberate
    * Brian expressed concern about too many projects reporting directly to TAC
        * Aeva: +1. Let’s make this change
        * Arnaud: this was b/c of SIFs
        * Bob: not certain yet
    * **Action**: Jenn to update the Doodle poll to include dates early next week, and include the full TAC email list to enable participation.
* [Brian Behlendorf] What is a SIF, discuss the definition and expectations.
* [Jenn Bonner] Action Item follow-up: Scheduling regular reporting cadence from projects & WGs to TAC
    * We have approximately 10 TAC meetings remaining this year, assuming we cancel one in Nov (or other month) and one in December. The proposed schedule below assumes each of the 7 WG's will report to the TAC twice between now and the end of the year. Same for the following projects: Alpha-Omega, Sigstore, and GTI. 
    * If there is agreement with the schedule below, Jenn can add reminders to the OpenSSF calendar for each WG / project lead if that's helpful. The schedule is also listed in the preamble of these TAC minutes and below:
    * Question: should Jenn send calendar reminders/invites to WG/Project Chairs/leads for these updates?

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
<p style="text-align: right">
TAC Meeting Date</p>

   </td>
   <td>WG / SIF / Associated Directed Fund
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
July 12</p>

   </td>
   <td>Share schedule with TAC & WG/SIF/ADF Leads
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
July 26</p>

   </td>
   <td>Identifying Security Threats, Security Tooling
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Aug 9</p>

   </td>
   <td>Best Practices, Sigstore
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Aug 23</p>

   </td>
   <td>AO, Securing Critical Projects
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Sept 6</p>

   </td>
   <td>Supply Chain Integrity, Vuln Disclosures
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Sept 20</p>

   </td>
   <td>GTI, Securing Software Repos
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Oct 4</p>

   </td>
   <td>Best Practices, Sigstore
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Oct 18</p>

   </td>
   <td>Identifying Security Threats, Security Tooling
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Nov 1</p>

   </td>
   <td>AO, Securing Critical Projects
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Nov 15</p>

   </td>
   <td>Supply Chain Integrity, Vuln Disclosures
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Nov 29</p>

   </td>
   <td>**
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Dec 13</p>

   </td>
   <td>GTI, Securing Software Repos
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><p style="text-align: right">
Dec 27</p>

   </td>
   <td>**
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



