# **2022-11-15 Meeting**
**Attendance (please add yourself):**



* Bob Callaway (Google, TAC Chair)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, TAC Vice Chair)
* CRob (Intel, TAC)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, TAC)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, TAC)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Christopher Phillips (Anchore)
* Rosaria Carr (Indeed)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Justin Cappos (NYU)

Regrets:



* 

Agenda:



* (_10 min max_): Update from **Supply Chain Integrity WG **
    * From Kim Lewandowski:
        * meeting is generally used for updates on the projects: SLSA and FRSCA
        * meetings are now monthly
        * s2c2f project was accepted into the wg
        * we also had presentations on VEX and OSS compromise dataset
        * we have some new faces showing up and asking how we align with the mobilization plan
        * I can dig up more specific updates on SLSA and FRSCA if you need them
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Vuln Disclosures WG** **[[slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17ufT7DN944RXOHOwOsLhpJTpOHitxWQuS3--cQgq3Cg/edit#slide=id.p)] **(CRob)
    * Group in-between projects atm; discussing next collaboration
    * OSS-SIRT SIG to come back to TAC for [plan ](https://github.com/ossf/SIRT/tree/main/plan)review early Dec
* TAC Adoption of the Diagrammers Society as a [SIG ](https://github.com/ossf/Diagrammers-Society)request (CRob)
    * Aeva: The SIG can report directly to the TAC, but should have a charter (scope, deliverables) written down prior to a formal vote to approve it.
    * David: TAC can also vote by email, no need to wait for meeting
    * Aeva: is anything blocked waiting for a vote? CRob: nope.
* Recap of last week’s meeting (BobC)
    * Technical Vision work (suggest using pre-read section on technical vision from last week as updates to PR 129)
    * Four different visions had been identified:
        * "ten million developer uplift" / education+guides
        * "sterling toolchain"
        * "funder of first resort"
        * "rapid response force"
    * Many differed. Majority decided for 2023 that the focus was #1 toolchain, #2 education/guides
    * 
* Classification of existing projects within foundation against statuses (sandbox/incubating/graduated/archived)
* Remaining meetings for 2022
    * One left in December
* Early Preview: “Assurance Assertions” (Scovetta)
    * Early feedback most appreciated
    * Example:
        * **Assertion**: “Activity X took place against project Y with results Z.”
        * **Policy**: “Activity X takes place against a target project and has results Z.” (PASS)
        * `osf generate –assertion reproducible -subject pkg:npm/left-pad@1.3.0 –repository assertions.openssf.org`
        * <code>osf consume –policy must-be-reproducible –subject pkg:npm/left-pad@1.3.0 –repository assertions.openssf.org <span style="text-decoration:underline;">PASS</span></code>
    * [MVSR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vk9ibQ-TvCaG2lpyABZGbR-MeSL9eWs5RmpOdQcWL7g/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Conversation @ Alpha-Omega issue #28, [ossf/alpha-omega#28](https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/issues/28)
    * Code @ [https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/tree/scovetta/attest-2](https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/tree/scovetta/attest-2)
* OpenSSF Annual Report - WG leads, please contact Jennifer Bly, want to wrap up in a week. jbly @ linuxfoundation dot org.


