# **2022-04-19 Meeting**


## Attendance (please add yourself):



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Aeva Black  (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF / LF)
* Melba Lopez (IBM)
* Jeff Mendoza (Google)
* Sudhindra Rao (JFrog)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Abhishek Arya (Google)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jenn Bonner (OpenSSF / LF)

## Agenda



* [bcallaway] Motion to accept new WG [“Securing Software Repositories”](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/message/461)
    * [Email sent by Bob Callaway to TAC last week](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/message/461)
    * All criteria appear to be met
    * Expressions of support: CRob
        * Best practices wg already collabing with NPM community on security guide.  This will be a nice place to get additional feedback/input
    * Jeff Borek: are there guidelines around standardization, consistency of approach?
        * Don’t think we want to make this a standards body, not normative, but could deliver documents as a part of the WG - Bob
        * Common interests will lead to common reference docs and common implementations. Discovery of similar approaches is important. - Jacques
    * Motion that the TAC accepts the WG application. Call for quorum met; call for voice vote made by Bob. All in favor, none opposed. **Motion passes**. 
* [~~jory / OSSF staff] - OpenSSF Day - Plan Review~~
* [aeva & others] - project ~~donation~~ governance process update
    * Mentions of github PRs [95](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/95) and [96](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/96), side meetings, [email discussions](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/message/470)
    * GitHub branch name: “working version process”
    * Please engage on the PRs and email thread
    * Still unclear on SIF structure, how managed by GB? 
    * Brian B: Putting together a doc from LF/OpenSSF staff to describe proposed model of governance. Will look like SIFs are independent projects that report to OpenSSF GB and TAC in exchange for use of the OpenSSF brand and some staff/operational support.
    * Arnaud: we need to reconcile the charter with current practice. Aeva’s proposal does stick closely to what we have. However we still use “project” too many places, so the table will help simplify/clarify.
    * Aeva: proposal articulates both SIFs and SIGs. SIGs are bounded by scope or deliverable, possibly by time. When done, it gets closed, or WGs can evolve the scope to meet a new deliverable. If it’s not code, it should be a SIG. If it lives on, it should be a WG. This is inverted from terminology used by CNCF.  
    * Aeva: Embedded in GH discussion there are points made about the progress monitoring and procession. E.g. when does IP review happen? Should apply before or during incubation? It should happen (David and Brian agree), it is a part of the process, needs to be documented.
    * Crob: how does this model accommodate projects within WGs? Aeva: in the new model, projects continue reporting to WGs, but there is a TAC review as projects evolve from one stage to another. This is to ensure consistency across entire foundation, to set a quality bar. Projects can report either to the TAC directly, or to a WG. 
    * Arnaud: if they do code, they are a project. Terminology is important to agree to early to avoiding confusion in docs and history.
    * CRob: what are non-code things then? Also small-p projects? Aeva: yes, or a SIG
    * Brian: should we align better with CNCF? If we’re shaking things up…
    * Aeva: will take a look at that. Thoughts? CRob: we should align. No strong opposition to the idea of aligning with CNCF.
    * Steve Chin: this works fine for Pyrsia
    * VM: Grateful for this work. Concerned about suggestions to align with just CNCF. What do other projects do? 
    * Bob: CNCF and OpenSSF visions & missions are differ so no need to align. Is it the goal of the OpenSSF to have tens or hundreds of projects? Or do we want something more selective, more top-of-the-pyramid and narrow. And, what do projects get by joining openssf? Use of the same terms and processes as CNCF doesn’t have to imply the same strategy. Aeva: strong agreement.
    * David: wide variance in size/activity of projects today, so focus should be on lifecycle criteria.
    * Aeva: CNCF doesn’t have things comparable to scorecards or other things we’d call SIGs. They have lots of code projects, we have comparatively few. 
    * Bob: It's important not to let the process drive the outcome. Let’s be iterative.
    * Aeva: proposes putting a pin out in the future, after process docs are done, to then look at what is the best way to meet the objectives of the foundation, whether to be broad & lots of projects vs narrow/selective.
* [Sudhindra Rao] - Pyrsia Incubation with OpenSSF
    * Update from Steve: we are looking for a vote in this or next TAC meeting for how Pyrsia fits into OpenSSF. We’re currently still bootstrapping, just want to know where we can fit in.
    * Bob: let’s defer a motion for now given time
    * [Steve presents a deck “Pyrsia with OpenSSF”]
        * Distributed build management and package binary distribution network
        * Backbone: immutable transaction ledger, suitable for security audits
        * Multi-node Verification of Source Builds - benefits from & encourages reproducible builds, but can work with non-repro builds
        * Focus on easy to install and use in CI/CD or on dev machines
        * Build on Trusted Compute, certify on blockchain, transfer is P2P
        * Looking to showcase at events in May and hit an MVP in July
        * Built on Rust, uses libp2p, and AlephBFT for consensus. 
        * Engaging with Sigstore and Notary V2
        * JFrog, Docker, DeployHub, LodgON, IBM. Active meetings, Slack, etc
        * We believe we meet the criteria for incubation (or well on our way based on final wording)
    * Bob: how many active contributors? Subhindra: ~15 people have merged contributions, ~5 organizations
    * Sudhindra from chat: “Pyrsia is not a package manager - but a very efficient distribution mechanism that is resilient to network partitions, and also provides an independent build mechanism to ensure that the developer machine is not the one we rely on for quality.”

Out of time:



* [aarya] How can we encourage some OSS research inside OpenSSF and involve academics. Thoughts?


