# **2022-06-28 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself)



* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC Chair**)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Melba Lopez (IBM)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Tony Loehr (Cycode)
* Chris Ferris (IBM)
* Brian Behlendorf (Linux Foundation)
* Alex Quesada (Wipro)
* Luigi Gubello (Pitch)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Jenn Bonner (Linux Foundation)
* Coby Allred (Microsoft)
* Jennifer Bly (Linux Foundation)

Regrets:



* Aeva Black (Microsoft, TAC Vice Chair)
* CRob (Intel, TAC)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC)

## Agenda



* 15 min: Luigi Gubello: presentation/discussion on [Security Insights](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/message/528) ([slides](https://pitch.com/v/security-insights-project-tac-meeting-pq7y8i))
    * Sponsoring WG: Identifying Security Threats
    * Repo: [https://github.com/ossf/security-insights-spec](https://github.com/ossf/security-insights-spec) 
    * Ask: OpenSSF TAC to require all [OpenSSF] projects to publish a compliant file in their respective repositories
    * Arnaud: “I'm in an airport with a lot of noise (Istanbul) but i have one comment: they need to use the community specification framework. the sooner they switch the better.”
        * David A. Wheeler: The community specification license is required by the OpenSSF charter. More info: Community Specification License, Version 1.0, available at [https://github.com/CommunitySpecification/1.0](https://github.com/CommunitySpecification/1.0)
        * Jory: I’ll be happy to help with the license switch.
    * Don’t call it a “standard”, call it a “specification”
    * Example, filled out for Alpha-Omega: [https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/blob/main/SECURITY-INSIGHTS.yml](https://github.com/ossf/alpha-omega/blob/main/SECURITY-INSIGHTS.yml)
    * Jacques: In favor of trying it out to dogfood it. Have vendors discussed?
    * Luke: Would like to see some adoption or feedback outside of the OpenSSF first.
    * Haven’t talked to security tool vendors / repos.
    * We should ensure we have at least ~3 core owners/maintainers of the project (for resilience, etc.)
* 5 min: OpenSSF Day Retrospective: what could be repeated/removed/improved for OSS EU in Dublin?
    * 359 ppl attended OpenSSF Day; 498 ppl attended virtually. Recordings will be posted to YouTube channel within the next couple weeks. 
    * Next time, pay attention to audience focus. Ensure that there’s a breadth of content for the audience. (folks new to OpenSSF, vs. inside baseball)
    * (Jory) Intent is to perform an analysis on the attendee list, who is new, who is already involved, etc. Review, and have that analysis inform the content for the next OpenSSF Day (i.e. in Dublin).
* [brian] Mobilization Plan: thoughts on how to organize and execute
    * Draft document [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OlHaO8N7tEvSGkxr_aKdfg4kRwyHyYrgnwmHNQYbq1I/edit#heading=h.viccgk5o0jha) - create a SIG for each of the 10 streams, has a proposed assignment of each SIG to a specific OpenSSF WG. This is a draft - comments welcome. Fully aware that money can create more problems, so this tries to balance things out.
    * All work should be public enough to ensure others can raise proposals / ideas. If an organization said “we’re willing to commit person X y/hours week” that’d be great, just volunteer that. Other than that, expect the stream SIGs to identify resources needed & raise that up.
    * Q: What’s the role of the streams vs. WGs, esp. regarding funding?
    * Open question: “What’s the right amount of bureaucracy?”
    * Jory: The “SIF” concept was a back-of-house concept that “leaked to the front” - will work with others to clarify.
* Action Item (AI) followups
    * [staff]: Scheduling regular reporting cadence from projects & WGs to TAC
    * [TAC]: Call for reviews for governance PRs
        * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/109](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/109) 
        * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/107](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/107) 


