# **2022-12-13 Meeting**
**Attendance (please add yourself):**



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC Chair**)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Nell Shamrell-Harrington (Microsoft)
* Dustin Ingram (Google)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**) (they/them)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Carlos O’Donell (Red Hat, GTI)

l 

Regrets:



* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, TAC)

Agenda:



* _Reminder - No Meeting on December 27, 2022_
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Securing Software Repos WG**
    * Discussions/guidance/policies on malicious projects
    * Discussions/guidance/policies on surfacing CVE notifications
    * [Proposal for Shared Repository Helpdesk](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Od9kqd4JIAW1h0vvvkD8NFclxsR8yudOdsZEMT7lBUc/edit#heading=h.mztvqya5xxdj)
    * [Principles for Safer Developer Ecosystems](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OVeSX4OJcuj87AjONNSBY8ECg5bP1q9-Wedb1u23pso/edit#heading=h.n51muv4e1xdc)
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Core Toolchain Infrastructure **- presentation by Carlos O’Donell & David Edelsohn.
    * Slide deck: [GTI presentation to the OpenSSF TAC (2022-12-12).pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Dtyw-dLKtq7w-3TZlP4aa_gXetqWiK6W/view?usp=sharing)
    * Established services working group to really understand services needed for components. Working to enumerate the services.
    * Have created Big Blue Button service
    * Mentioned a talk about securing gcc & glib available here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1fO-RLtDME](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1fO-RLtDME)
* [CRob] Funding request proposal for security vuln disclosure coordination lists - Issue [132](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/132)
* [CRob] OSS-SIRT [SIG ](https://github.com/ossf/SIRT)Plan for TAC consideration/comments prior to sending to GB. Issue [131](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/131)
* [Bob C] 2023 TAC Focus [[slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MlEPaoebiHV6G_X2G87cN6a11vv9OC7_zZAOlC0ul48/edit#slide=id.g1809680081f_0_38)]
    * Support from CRob, and chat +1’s from Dan, Josh and Abhishek
* If time: Year end update: curl, etc. [Amir, Open Source Technology Improvement Fund, Inc] 


