# **2022-07-18 “Tiger Team” Meeting**

[“Tiger Team” meeting focused on the governance discussions and the ask for resources]

Attendance (please add yourself)



* Brian Behlendorf (LF, OpenSSF)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Aeva Black (microsoft, **TAC**)
* VM (Vicky) Brasseur (Wipro)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jenn Bonner (LF, OpenSSF)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* Khahil White (Linux Foundation)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC** Chair)

Agenda:



* Review PR#112
    * Arnaud: we can tease apart asks for marketing and funding from overall governance approach
    * Aeva: we don’t have to be specific about the process for these asks
* Review [Proposal for Funding Process](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/12xkEN-8ZWkC21BvEZD1mzjCnGuarJYR32U5gvlh0wS4/edit)
    * Brian’s proposal above outlines a tactical structure to allocate funds under the TAC’s control. 
    * Discussed clarification regarding the $500K outlined in the existing OpenSSF operational budget under TAC’s authority to allocate / delegated authority. TAC leadership not aware that the authority to allocate this funding had been delegated from GB to TAC.
        * Note that the budget re-forecast Brian proposed to the GB in late June increases this allocation from $500K to $2M.
        * Brian: CY Budget $ funds to be allocated by TAC
            * Items under “Technical Development”
                * Outsourced Software Development - (unclear how much $? Is left for FY 2022 to be allocated)
                * Hosting & Cloud Services - (unclear how much $? Is left for FY 2022 to be allocated)
                * Security Audits & Process - (unclear how much $? Is left for FY 2022 to be allocated)
    * Brian: The GB has a lot of really busy people, this is the level the GB wants to see. The GB doesn’t want to have to decide for each $50K here, etc.
    * Aeva: Here’s what I understand. “OpenSSF Staff is proposing to work closely with the TAC and GB subcommittees to empower the community-elected leadership to oversee the Governing Board's approved Technical Development funding pool, through a yet-to-be-defined process that supports the currently-under-review TAC Governance update.”
    * In future, TAC & staff can work together more closely to work out future proposals to the GB.
    * Should TAC members be part of the GB Budget subcommittee (currently they only meet quarterly)? Currently that subcommittee primarily focuses on ensuring that dollars are categorized correctly, & consult for operation for accounting. That’s different than what’s being proposed here, where the TAC is more focused on “what should be done” not “is it categorized correctly?”
    * Jenn: A process is needed by which the TAC and the technical community can provide input into the future year’s budget. If the budget is approved in November, then in the months preceding, the TAC needs to work with the technical community to determine what the expected budget needs might be, and include those requests in the budget that is proposed to the Board in November. 
    * Brian: (**ACTION**) OpenSSF Staff will assist in determining and sharing out to this group - what funding has been spent across these categories, and if more funding is approved by the GB, what is remaining to be spent for the remainder of the year.
    * Bob: It’s clear that there is an approved budget by the GB, but it isn’t clear that the TAC has the authority to to spend X dollars out of that budget. Need to reset expectations of delegated fiscal authority. 
    * Aeva: 


