# **2022-05-03 Meeting**


## Attendance (please add yourself)



* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* VM Brasseur(Wipro)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Sudhindra Rao(JFrog)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Jenn Bonner (Linux Foundation)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Laurent Simon (Google)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* Chris Bensen (Oracle)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Eric Sedlar (Oracle)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)

## Agenda



* [Jory] Updates on OpenSSF Day (speaker’s announced, virtual accessibility)
    * AccelEvents Platform, Virtual registration available
    * Speakers announced, schedule coming soon
    * Less than 7 weeks away!
    * Let Jory or events know if you have any questions/issues (operations@openssf.org)
* [Aeva] Review WG & Project Charters (above), request any additional feedback on nomenclature patches, and [organizational terms](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/working_version_process/organizational-structure-overview.md)
    * Suggested charted with the TSC process is not relevant to most WGs
    * Teams are confused by wholesale copy of language. Unclear who membership of a given P/WG is. 
    * VM & Jason K working on charter for Vuln Disclosures WG - 
        * Groups should set out scope and charter, but other governance things (membership, etc) should be set out by the TAC
    * Identify what needs to be normalized across the Working Groups
        * Securing Software Repos made minimal changes, doesn’t reflect actual operations of the WGs but adopted current in order to move forward
        * VM, Jacques, CRob, Arnaud to create Diff of the charter template with areas that need to be changed. Probably week of May 16 before team has bandwidth.
        * VM: Charter thing just occurred to me: We should probably ask WGs to pause their individual charter efforts for now, or modify directions to be "mission/charter & leadership" instead.
    * Arnaud: only knows of one WG that has a Steering Committee without elections – SLSA
        * Arnaud also volunteers to help
        * Clarification in chat: SLSA is a project under the Supply Chain Integrity WG, not a WG itself
    * Aeva: bring back up the [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/working_version_process/organizational-structure-overview.md](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/working_version_process/organizational-structure-overview.md)
        * Arnaud: it would be convenient to match more what other LF projects do, but [PR #95](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/95) is my preferred way to go. 
        * Aeva - important to preserve some semantic value of software projects, has meaning to consumers.
            * Confusing to have different terms under WGS
    * Aeva: can we vote to adopt PR #95? We have a quorum of TAC members
        * Will open an email to ask members to vote on the PR by Friday.
        * TAC Vote will happen on the PR: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/95](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/95)
* [laurent]: security best practice for npm. Ideas where to advertise for RFC? (TAC mailing list, package manager WG, other?)
    * Has draft document, want to put in RFC mode for feedback and comments. How to advertise period, on the TAC, npm mailing list, etc?
        * Group shared additional forums & encouraged outreach to Justin Hutchings
* (pulled forward) [aarya] How can we encourage some OSS research inside OpenSSF and involve academics. Thoughts?
    * Abhishek: Can we get more formalized / document how we are able to assist with researchers and academics?
        * E.g. - start here, or have a slack channel. “Help desk for researchers”
    * Abhishek: Can we consider funding research if we put out research questions? E.g. set aside some OpenSSF budget for academic research partners? Maybe like $100K per WG?
    * David: I’ll reach out to Frank Nagle (Harvard) and LF Research for more ideas [David has since done this]
    * Aeva: Probably not necessary to have a dedicated WG for researchers. 
* [Sudhindra Rao] Pyrsia discussion/decision continued
    * Do we have enough of a framework in place to move this forward ?
    * Welcome to folks interested in Prysia - Steve & Suhindra walk through open questions
    * [Pyrsia TAC Questions/Answers 04/19/2022](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JlP1pDZS1c_K-PF2bcxaTRjxFQoVwPefrGf2Np0h5Rs/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Jeff Borek] Discuss TAC PoV on this OSSF news item: [https://www.zdnet.com/article/open-source-security-its-too-easy-to-upload-devastating-malicious-packages-warns-google/](https://www.zdnet.com/article/open-source-security-its-too-easy-to-upload-devastating-malicious-packages-warns-google/) based on [https://security.googleblog.com/2022/04/the-package-analysis-project-scalable.html](https://security.googleblog.com/2022/04/the-package-analysis-project-scalable.html) 
    * [CRob] who from the OSSF officially is being quoted?  This doesn’t feel like it is a piece coordinated with the foundation to speak in our collective voice, but I may be mistaken, perhaps OSSF officials were consulted - dwheeler!!
    * [VMB] Appears to be an article based around a recent [OpenSSF blog post](https://openssf.org/blog/2022/04/28/introducing-package-analysis-scanning-open-source-packages-for-malicious-behavior/) authored by Caleb & David
    * [VMB] Which WG is this Package Analysis Project under? Was the TAC aware of it in advance?
        * Abhishek: It is part of Securing Critical Projects WG and presented there for recent changes. It was created a long time ago, but remained dormant for a while.
    * [Matt Rutkowski] This project is accredited to the Securing Criteria Projects WG, but was not in meeting notes, nor voted on
    * [Jenn] Clarity and more discussion needed around the concern - blog post, or article that was written? 
    * TAC expressed a desire to have a more defined process around product releases and communications deemed the “official word” of the OpenSSF.
    * Abhishek: I agree that product releases in future should be notified to TAC. It hasn’t been done in the past, but I agree that we should do this going forward. 


