# **2022-09-20 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself):



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF/OpenSSF)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Dan Appelquist (Snyk, Observer)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)

Regrets:



* Aeva Black (Microsoft, TAC Vice Chair)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, TAC)
* Luke (need to drop after 30 mins for webinar)

Agenda:



* ~~(_10 min max_): Update from **GTI [ To be moved to future meeting ]**~~
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Securing Software Repos WG**
    * Jacques: Going well. Representation from many communities, including Java, Python, Node, Cargo (Rust), etc.
    * Want to set up a “shared help desk” for MFA reset. Community registries are already swamped, and this is security-sensitive. It’d be nice if MFA reset could be outsourced.
    * Bob: What events could be generated on an MFA reset? Are there other events that should be generated? We need to make sure this is as transparent as possible.
    * Jacques: We want some events pushed into the transparency log, so that monitors can know what has happened. Already seeing 5 requests/week for a few hundred developers, Python 10 requests/week for a few thousand developers. So about 0.025 requests/package/week is holding for Rubygems & Python.
    * David: That’s 25,000/week for 1 million packages!
* Recap of OpenSSF Day EU
    * Brian: About ⅓ folks had traveled to Dublin my guess. Attendance less than maybe I would have liked, but had a significant number. Total reach ~240 people.
    * Happy with presentations, wide swathe. Ended with discussion with GB chair.
    * Was very glad to connect with the European community while we were there.
    * Thanks to CRob for being MC again and donning the goose hat once again!
* [CRob] [Reference Architecture](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/topic/93559175#583) thread
    * David A. Wheeler: I have some materials I’ll share with CRob
    * Doodle meeting invite for those interested in collaborating: [https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/eZVoKy2e](https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/eZVoKy2e) 
* GB Meeting Updates
    * TAC will be invited to open-portion of GB meetings
    * Governance subcommittee
* Next steps on Project/WG governance
    * First round of WG/Project updates are done; feedback / changes?
    * Finish housekeeping work (charters, classifying projects against lifecycle, etc)
* SSC - multiple WGs interested
    * If the proposed project can work out the “right” WG by itself, great! Otherwise the TAC can help resolve things
    * We don’t want to be over bureaucratic [we want to get things done]
* Update [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/technical-vision.md](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/technical-vision.md)	
    * Accuracy, inclusion of efforts since Jan 2021
    * Gap analysis
    * Funding analysis
    * To-be-reviewed? At joint GB/TAC meeting at LF Member Summit?


