# **2022-02-08 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jenn Bonner (Linux Foundation, OpenSSF)
* CRob (Intel)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft, TAC, Chair)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, TAC)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jennifer Fernick (NCC Group) 
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Bob Callaway (Google, TAC)
* Sudhindra Rao (JFrog)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Asaf Karas (JFrog)
* Steve Taylor (DeployHub)

## Agenda

* TAC Election Results:
    * Dan Lorenc
    * Bob Callaway
    * Abhishek Arya
    * Luke Hinds
    * And Ian Coldwater returns as SCIR
* Final meeting of 2021 TAC
    * unless GB isn’t able to name its 3 reps by Tue 2/22, in which case we’ll continue with the current TAC
* TAC Transition.
* Wheeler: Propose asking new TAC to assign sponsors to each initiative (working group & top level project), not just each working group. Sponsors’ purpose is to help the leads. (Idea from Aeva Black)
    * See, for example, [governance/project-mentors.md at master · confidential-computing/governance (github.com)](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/master/project-mentors.md)
* Discuss proposal: GNU Toolchain Infrastructure (GTI) project (see: Wheeler)
    * The "GNU Toolchain Infrastructure" (GTI) project is a proposed project to "provide the FSF’s GNU Toolchain community with a secure infrastructure and state of the art services required to support the community’s development efforts to be a trusted foundation in a secure supply chain." They believe OpenSSF support of this initiative could greatly improve the security posture for a critical and widely used Open Source Software project and assist the GNU Toolchain community to deploy cybersecurity best practices.
    * For more details, please see:  [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cy7nH8xSDzHmEhlLAGAoGZh3C96YSF_T8NnbeARCQnw/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cy7nH8xSDzHmEhlLAGAoGZh3C96YSF_T8NnbeARCQnw/edit) Here's a longer background paper explaining the importance of GCC specifically: [https://www.linux.com/training-tutorials/gcc-optimizing-linux-internet-and-everything/](https://www.linux.com/training-tutorials/gcc-optimizing-linux-internet-and-everything/)
    * I think this GTI project makes a lot of sense, but for specific questions please talk with David Edelsohn, Carlos O'Donnell, and Kate Stewart. My role here is to get this review going.
    * This GTI proposal was briefly discussed at a previous GB meeting, as the GB is who authorizes funding. However, the GB wanted the TAC to first review the proposal to see if it made sense. Let's do that!
    * This is **_NOT_** “LF/OpenSSF is taking over GNU or GCC”. LF/OpenSSF is not taking over any project, and we’re not funding GNU or GCC.
    * &lt;presentation>
    * This is simply the LF providing better & more secure infrastructure to a critically important project that many of us depend on. The GNU toolchain is fundamental to a vast number of projects.
    * Current infrastructure is Red Hat + volunteers, we’re grateful to them!
    * However, current infrastructure is showing its age.
    * Have already talked with LF IT staff to work out details, in many cases building on the tools & expertise of the Linux kernel processes.
    * David E. is a member of the GNU toolchain board, so this is not a disconnected discussion.
    * Jacques Chester: Please contact me when you start looking at sigstore. Some of the Rubygems / Python work may be easily repurposable. Here is some of the meat: [https://github.com/rubygems/rfcs/pull/37](https://github.com/rubygems/rfcs/pull/37)
    * Steven Chin: Pyrsia - there may be opportunities for collaboration here too! Pyrsia does distribution of artifacts (currently focused on Docker images to start, but it’s not limited to that), peer-to-peer distribution, distributing signatures, vendor-neutral ways (higher guarantee that it will be resilient)
    * Again, just to be clear, this is NOT “LF/OpenSSF is taking over GNU or GCC”. LF/OpenSSF is not taking over any project, and we’re not funding GNU or GCC. We’re improving the infrastructure that many of us vitally depend on.
    * _Motion_: **That the TAC recommends GTI to Governing Board**
        * _Moved_: Luke Hinds
        * _Seconded_: Jeffrey Borek
        * PASSED without objection, without abstention, by call for objection
* TAC *thanks* Ryan Haning for his hard work chairing the TAC.
    * Ryan: Looking forward to seeing the new year!