# **2022-07-26 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself)



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC **Chair)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Jenn Bonner (LF, OpenSSF)
* Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF, OpenSSF)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Amir Montazery (ostif - Identifying Security Threats update) 
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Luke Hinds (RedHat, **TAC**)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Joshua Lock (VMware)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC **Vice Chair)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Melba Lopez (IBM)
* Anne Burtucio (Google)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Steve Chin (JFrog)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**) - Have to leave around 8.45am
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* Coby Allred (Microsoft)

Agenda:


    (_10 min max_): Update from **Identifying Security Threats** WG (Michael Scovetta~~ and Jennifer Fernick~~)



* Opening an experimental “Office Hours” - answer questions. We don’t want to go TOO big, but let’s see how this works.
* Security Insights - yaml with additional project information. You can then decide whether or not you believe that. Again, it’s an experiment. Next step: getting it actually used somewhere. Luigi led this. Need more people involved.
* Security Reviews - collection of public security reviews. Amir runs this. In &lt;1 year, have gone from 0 to >90 reports.
* To be discussed next time: Security Metrics dashboard
* [Link to Deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16RhFJQgPP3E9u6aLQOjZ0HofuD0-X0Pg589VklvkJ24/edit?usp=sharing) (feel free to use as template).

    (_10 min max_): Update from **[Security Tooling](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling)** WG (Josh Bressers)

* “Doesn’t have a strong call to action [yet]”
* “Handfull of side projects and subprojects”
* “SBOM Everywhere” part of Workstreams. Kate Stewart has the funding request. Will discuss in future.
* False positive suppression spec
* Group has a challenge, and asks for TAC help: ”what should we do with these old projects? (how) should we sunset them?”
    * Aeva suggests a two-step approach: 1. Categorize those efforts based on new project/sig terminology. 2. Move inactive projects to “attic” and then figure out how to sunset a sig.
    * 
* CVE Benchmarking initiative - hasn’t been touched in a while.
    * Probably needs to “go to the attic”
* OpenSSF Fuzzing Collaboration sub-working-group - meets specially. Has fuzz introspector, very cool project.
* I’m expecting that “SBOM Everywhere” is where my efforts will be going.

    (_10 min max_): Q&A on [TAC Funding Committee proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12xkEN-8ZWkC21BvEZD1mzjCnGuarJYR32U5gvlh0wS4/edit#heading=h.srm7f3muwy5i) 

* TAC can approve some spending. It’s time esp with PR 112, on working out a process for collecting process for funding. We have >$500K we can spend.
* Brian B developed a first draft for handling this, but “I see this as your document”. Proposed to have a TAC subcommittee to work through this.
* Jeffrey Borek: Want TAC focused on technical issues, typically GB generally focuses on $$. I’d rather see committee of GB focusing more on the $$.
* Aeva: I’d like to see more dialogue between board and tac to determine the way that money allocated to technical initiatives is being spent. The current proposal falls far short of that, though I appreciate the effort to bring this conversation up.
* The TAC +1’d the need for more engagement and dialog around allocation of funds, but did not explicitly approve the proposal
* Bob suggests Brian ask the GB if the specific delegation of decision-making to the TAC is approved by the Board.
* 

    (_Remaining time_): Discussion on PR112 Open Issues, including:

* Remove all SIF language from PR (with carve outs for existing SIFs as per [Aeva's comment](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/112#issuecomment-1193174430)), or leave as is "TBD, resolve later"?
    * Update here in response to comments:
    * [Editorial changes to the org terms and definitions by AevaOnline · Pull Request #120 · ossf/tac (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/120)
* Resolve whether SIG definition should be included, 
    * **Yes**
* Should SIGs be scoped?
    * **Yes**
* Should a SIG be time-bound (not necessarily days/months/years, but end of effort)?
    * **No**
    * Note: Many agreed with concern of sweeping out stalled projects. The reports up to the TAC also provide a way to get those noticed.
* Resolve whether to include "service" as technical deliverable at this time
    * See also [PR 120](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/120/files)
    * **Yes**
* Is it possible for projects to report directly to the TAC?
    * (framing of this discussion point excludes GTI, Alpha-Omega and Sigstore at this time)
    * Brian noted that the TAC did previously approve Sigstore as a project reporting to the TAC.This previous decision would need to be addressed/re-visited, if the new governance structure changes the requirement/authority/reporting structure.
    * Brian also noted that no other project reports to the TAC today.
    * Did not reach a vote.
    * **Moved to discussion.**
* What authority does the TAC or WG have over an OpenSSF project/SIG? What actions could the OpenSSF TAC or WG undertake to a project/SIG under its supervision?
    * **Moved to discussion**.
* Should security best practice adoption be required for sandbox projects?
    * **4 Yes, [but must clarify what it means]**
    * Bob: we don’t have a comprehensive list of this, but it’s a good goal.
    * Some discussion needs to be had to calibrate this.
    * If they’re too onerous, let’s review the requirements. Need to make the levels not too onerous. E.g., SLSA level X + best practices badge “passing” level + etc.
        * Note: Criteria for best practices badge @ passing level (in English) are here: ​​[https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/criteria/0](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/criteria/0)
* For technical content, should the TAC be given at minimum a notification [before it’s posted]?
    * Goal: Resolve TAC's role in curating OpenSSF blog/social media (vs project/WG specific channels) - standard notification period for review.
    * Brian - asked to make considerations for making notification to TAC-Private for announcements that are under embargo or include company-specific, time sensitive announcements. 
    * SLSA.dev, Sigstore, etc. “projects” that have their own websites with their own blogs don’t have to adhere to this notification period to the OpenSSF TAC for project-specific content posted via their own channels.
    * **2 yes, 1 no, 1 abstain. **
        * [ Note: only 4 TAC members remained on the call. Move this to discussion ]
    * **Moved to discussion.**
* Question related to SLSA and FRSCA (are these to be considered SIGs or Projects, given the discussion above - first bullet under discussion of open items under PR 112)
    * David: If “project == generates code”, then efforts that (primarily?) does something other than generating code (including generating a spec) becomes a SIG under this terminology as I understand it.
    * Considerations: whether the SIG includes code, whether there are legal implications based on Community Specification Framework (i.e. segregated into its own framework)
* [Brian/Jennifer Bly] Discuss possibility for OpenSSF to sponsor or participate in KubeCon in some way. Currently reviewing sponsorship prospectus. Will also be discussing with the Marketing Committee on Thurs, 7-28. &lt;- ran out of time, will do async.


