# **2022-10-04 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself):



* Bob Callaway (Google, TAC Chair)
* Dan Appelquist (Snyk)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, TAC)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, TAC Vice Chair)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, TAC)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* Sam Ramji (Linux Foundation)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF / OpenSSF)
* CRob (Intel, TAC)
* Melba lopez (IBM)
* David Edelsohn (IBM / GTI)
* Jennifer Bly (LF / OpenSSF)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Naveen Srinivasa
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Álvaro Figueroa (Microsoft)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)

Regrets:



* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, TAC)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC)

Agenda:



* (_10 min max_): Update from **BEST Practices WG**
    * 2 concise guides released @ OSS-EU OSSF Day
        * blog - [https://openssf.org/blog/2022/09/13/introducing-new-concise-guides-for-developing-more-secure-software-and-evaluating-open-source-software/](https://openssf.org/blog/2022/09/13/introducing-new-concise-guides-for-developing-more-secure-software-and-evaluating-open-source-software/) 
        * developing guide - [https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software.md](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software.md) 
        * evaluating guide - [https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Concise-Guide-for-Evaluating-Open-Source-Software.md](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Concise-Guide-for-Evaluating-Open-Source-Software.md)
    * npm bp guide - our members & npm community folks 
        * blog - [https://openssf.org/blog/2022/09/01/npm-best-practices-for-the-supply-chain/](https://openssf.org/blog/2022/09/01/npm-best-practices-for-the-supply-chain/)
        * guide - [https://github.com/ossf/package-manager-best-practices/blob/main/published/npm.md](https://github.com/ossf/package-manager-best-practices/blob/main/published/npm.md) 
    * EDU.SIG
        * Progress on plan rewrite continues - git [repo](https://github.com/ossf/education/tree/main/plan)
        * Creating a matrix of existing training to help understand assets and gaps
        * Developing a delightful and fun new Honk mascot
        * Members working on glossary of terms (see below for new proposal)
* (_10 min max_): Update from **sigstore **(Luke Hinds, sigstore TSC chair)
    * Luke to add link to slides
        * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TSEajOGQQW-184bSERZeNd_ddzRakpdSnYnHjHNyuEQ/](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TSEajOGQQW-184bSERZeNd_ddzRakpdSnYnHjHNyuEQ/edit?usp=sharing) 
    * There was ~10min outage due to DNS issues. As always, root cause analysis done & changes made to prevent recurrence.
* GB Meeting Reminder - Thursday, 6 October 11AM EDT
    * Meeting Structure
    * GB has invited TAC *members* to join first part (just TAC members, not EVERYONE on TAC meeting calls)
    * Poll for attendance (Bob, Crob, Josh signaled they would attend)
    * TAC Update -> **DOC HERE:** [OpenSSF TAC Highlights/Lowlights/Opps](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WL81ODNRKUf6dowRjojG7Mro9nDi3ri38MEdLBSf24I/edit)
        * Highlights/Lowlights discussion (see that document)
            * OpenSSF is different from other LF foundations, more opinionated. Smaller # of external projects proposing to join - is that good? Bad?
        * Questions for the GB from TAC
            * Is a 1-year term limit on TAC too short for continuity? There’s a risk of this question appearing to be self-serving, but we need to raise it.
            * Do we have staff & documented processes to support?
        * Broader discussion about glossary/lexicon
            * Many agreed it’d be useful to have a list of definitions, at least for OpenSSF work
            * Aeva: Best to try to avoid creating the definitions, but instead try to point to the other definitions & source them (where practical?)
* FYI - OSS SSC Framework Ratification - Voted as new SIG in the Supply Chain Integrity WG 9/28
* [CRob] Request to create cross-WG repo/effort for foundation-level things
    * EDU.SIG will be curating a [dictionary ](https://github.com/ossf/education/tree/main/terminology)of terms and definitions that can consistently be used for all WGs & SIGs
    * EU & Vuln Mgmt WGs have created [personas](https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures/blob/main/docs/personas.md), supply chain [personas ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GQoxFfAnmN2AdBOH7fuOOro8LnHSebzmoIAHTa-dVXg/edit#) This is another resource that has value across the whole foundation


