# **2022-09-06 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself):



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF/LF)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Mike Lieberman (Kusari)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Melba Lopez (IBM)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)
* Anne Bertucio (Google)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)

Note: All TAC members are in attendance!

## Agenda



* (_10 min max_): Update from **Supply Chain Integrity WG**
* **Presentation slides: **[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10NswyAlE4zvNh0VZXOBBPPN8LcniK8nTaAc9TwjIxfI/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10NswyAlE4zvNh0VZXOBBPPN8LcniK8nTaAc9TwjIxfI/edit?usp=sharing) 
* [https://github.com/buildsec/frsca](https://github.com/buildsec/frsca)  (collaboration with CNCF’s supply chain security framework)
* Brian: requested follow up with Michael re: github.com/buildsec and homing of FRSCA there vs. under openssf	
* (10 min max): Update from Vulnerability Disclosures WG
    * [https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures](https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures)
    * Hope to publish 1.0 version of “finder’s guide” by OpenSSF Day
* Carryforward from last agenda:
    * Blog Post RE npm best practices - JBly
    * Announcements for/during OpenSSF Day (week of Sept. 13) - JBly
        * If there’s an announcement we didn’t list, please contact Jennifer Bly!
* TAC involvement in and oversight of the Mobilization Plan - Brian B
    * Doc: [SIGs for the Mobilization Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OlHaO8N7tEvSGkxr_aKdfg4kRwyHyYrgnwmHNQYbq1I/edit#)
    * [[ Aeva notes a lack of any notes from what was a very engaged discussion, and writes the following from memory. ]]
        * Aeva suggested starting the discussion by comparing this proposal to the final state of PR112 (as opposed to the state of PR112 when the doc was first drafted). Brian gave a verbal summary. Notably, this “pot” is large and represents money not yet provided to the OpenSSF, but “committed” by 
        * several funding organizations towards the Streams pending specific and sustainable actions by the OpenSSF. 
        * CRob described the process WG-Vuln has followed with respect to a Stream, and how they are approaching making a request for funding from the pool
        * Josh Bressers expressed concern the TAC is meddling in projects. Many spoke up to point out that the GB wishes for the TAC to be more directly involved in technical decisions. Aeva pointed out that funding decisions are technically impactful.
        * Justin expressed concern that OpenSSF is 10mo out from a major influx of capital with few successes to show for it, suggested that we may be spread too thin.
        * Aeva proposed having a documented workflow for each Stream to follow as it approaches funding requests. Brian offered that he has one in mind, requested help with diagramming it. Aeva offered to work with Brian on workflow visualizations to show incentives and process
* PR112 next steps?
    * Deferred to next meeting


