# **2022-08-23 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself):



* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, Alpha-Omega)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Jon Meadows (Citi)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Jeff Mendoza (Google)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Dan Appelquist (Snyk)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Aaron Wislang (Microsoft)
* Amir Montazery (OSTIF)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Anne Bertucio (Google)

Regrets:



* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)

Agenda:



* (_10 min max_): Update from **Alpha-Omega** (Michael Scovetta & Michael Winser)
    * [Deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SVlRymR7Rg041jXCdC_UZaxbOcOIJFkYg7E0-EHTWkk/edit?usp=sharing) 
    * Goal: “Turn money into security” (and learn how to do that)
    * Welcome Annapurna Veeramachaneni (Citi) - thanks! Already a tremendous help
    * Really hard to get security folks - very much in demand. Still eagerly hiring for these roles, for now Michael & Michael are doing this as their other-other-other job
    * Alpha: Current engagements: Node.js, Eclipse, Python Software Foundation
    * Omega: Tooling updates. Have just released toolchain (Dockerfile posted on GitHub)
    * Omega: We’ve already found & have been reporting vulnerabilities, including a CVE for node, including CVE-2022-32222 on Node.js (these are all zero-days). This suggests that it IS possible with good tools to create high-quality reports
    * Omega: Discussion: Accepting third-party vulnerability data. Some organizations have a lot of findings, but don’t have resources to evaluate them to find the vulnerabilities “like a superfund”
    * Haven’t had the bandwidth yet to engage CERT’s VINCE project (would like to)
    * Secure Open Source Rewards (sos.dev) - Welcome sos.dev!! Sos.dev was created earlier, with initial sponsorship from Google Open Source Security Team (GOSST). Now we’re joining forces. We (A-O) will work with the sos.dev crew to “connect the dots”
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Securing Critical Projects** WG (Amir Montazery & Jeff Mendoza)
    * Final stages of updating the charter
    * Historic work
        * Set of identified critical OSS
        * Harvard studies
    * Current active work
        * Phase I: Set of identified critical OSS - in progress, intend to complete end of Sep
        * Managed audit program
            * Security audits for critical projects
    * Planned future work
        * Living set of identified critical projects
        * More security audits for 2023
    * Member subproject updates
        * Allstar
            * Further integrations of scorecard checks
            * Outreach survey - who is using it? Can we list users & highlight them?
        * Security audits
            * Sigstore
            * Slf4j
            * CNCF/OSTIF impact report
        * Criticality score
            * Big overhaul of algorithm ongoing
        * Package analysis - now processing PHP packagist packages.
* [Proposal](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/message/563): Create End User working group
    * Our thanks to the many who worked to create this!
    * They have met the OpenSSF requirements: defined scope, met at least 5 times, at least 3 organizations attending regularly, TAC sponsor
    * Brief discussion - Jon Meadows (Citi)
    * Jacques: JP Morgan etc. have more developers than most organizations, yet we don’t call them tech companies
    * Clarification: In this case, “end user” includes software developers, but in this case these are developers who are simply _consumers_ of OSS
    * People present were really glad to see this proposal!!
    * Call for vote to approve creation of WG at Incubating stage
        * **Unanimous yes from TAC members present 6-0 (as well as Aeva via email, Luke Hinds absent) to approve creation of WG as incubating**
    * Arnaud: I’m very supportive of this. But I didn’t see this WG on the OpenSSF calendar, how do you find out about them? How can we find out “what’s cooking up?” It’d be good to see “things that are being worked on”
        * VM: For end user WG, I’ve been repeatedly posting to OpenSSF #general Slack.
        * David: Maybe in the future, once it has a TAC sponsor, add it to the OpenSSF calendar as experiment/discussion on creating a new WG
* Discussion on remaining issues on [PR112](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/112/files)
    * TAC notification of technical content
        * Voted 2 yes, 1 no, 1 abstain at 7/29 meeting
        * 5-0 affirm today
    * Clarify security best practice adoption
        * [Proposal] from Bob: use best practices badging levels
            * [Passing](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/criteria/0) for sandbox 
            * [Silver](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/criteria/1) for incubation
            * [Gold](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en/criteria/2) for graduated
        * Bob: If projects find that too hard, then we can adjust things, but the goal is to lead by example (“put our money where our mouth is”)
        * CRob: I support this idea
        * David: Gold has 2 challenges, but I think it’ll work
            * MUST have >1 person, because of review requirements. Don’t see that as an issue for OpenSSF projects
            * Requires reproducible builds IF you release official built results. You can work out reproducible builds, OR just release source code without executables (Linux kernel & Apache Software Foundation do that). In many cases generating the reproducible builds works out fine, it often requires some configuration changes & tweaks to the build process so date/times are controlled (if they are embedded)
        * David: If anyone has any problems, just let me know, I’m always happy to help!!
        * **Vote: 5-0 consensus for adopting these level**
    * TAC / WG authority over a project
        * Add examples to describe intent/spirit of role of TAC / WG
            * Tiebreaker on decisions
            * Projects and WG set their own charter and govern autonomously according to foundation “norms” 
            * Code of Conduct is a non-negotiable “norm”
        * Brian: Need to design governance so we can handle things if they go badly. Things are mostly going well, but we want to make sure we can handle things if they go wrong (“seat belts/air bags”)
        * Brian: TAC should have authority to reign in a project if needed.
        * Bob: TAC could forcibly archive a project (with ⅔ vote), but that’s a heavy hammer. Archival is the sole remedy for the TAC
        * **All agreed, TAC must have that hammer.**
    * Remove SIF from scope of this PR ([PR120](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/120))
        * **All +1 from TAC**
    * Projects under WG or direct to TAC: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/123](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/123) 
        * Should some projects be able to report directly to TAC (as well as to WG)?
        * Josh: Let’s just get this gone
        * CRob: We can always make further changes later
        * **+1 to allow either model, 5-0**
* Proposal: Path forward on Project Lifecycle/Governance (aka PR112)
    * Call for comments with 7 day waiting period
    * Email summary with link sent to GB, wg-leads for feedback/final input
    * Upon close of comment period, email vote on openssf-tac list to commence
* Group agreed this was a LOT done. Thanks especially to Bob C. & Aeva B. for getting everything to this point.
* Out of time for this meeting! Skipped agenda items:
    * Blog Post RE npm best practices - JBly
    * Announcements for/during OpenSSF Day (week of Sept. 13) - JBly


