# **2022-08-09 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself)



* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Jenn Bonner (LF, OpenSSF)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF, OpenSSF)
* Jory Burson (LF, OpenSSF)
* Priya Wadhwa (Chainguard)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Sarah Evans (Dell)
* Kate Stewart (LF, SPDX)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Tracy Miranda (Chainguard)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Álvaro Figueroa (Microsoft)
* Anne Bertucio (Google)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Phil Estes (AWS)

Regrets:



* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)

Agenda:



* (_10 min max_): Update from **Best Practices** WG (CRob)
    * Gave short presentation
    * Lots of things going on.
    * Many existing activities continue, including best practices badge, fundamentals course (SCORM Connect recently added), SKF
    * Current new work includes one-pager for developing secure software, short guide for evaluating OSS, and education SIG
    * Will distribute PDF version of CRob’s presentation via TAC email list following the call. 
        * Here is a link to the PDF: [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sag5Hl5AytyLuzkquoAMzEUsovtf7zLT/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sag5Hl5AytyLuzkquoAMzEUsovtf7zLT/view?usp=sharing) 
* (_10 min max_): Update from **sigstore** project (Priya Wadhwa & Santiago Torres)
    * Gave short presentation
    * Sigstore General availability: Intending for end of October
        * Of note: preparing for 24/7 on-call rotation to support public instance
* 8/4 GB meeting recap [Bob/Aeva]
    * Review of meeting with Jim Zemlin & Cyber Security Review Board
        * Review priorities in mobilization plan in light of [CSRB report](https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/publications/CSRB-Report-on-Log4-July-11-2022_508.pdf) (this report mentions the OpenSSF & OpenSSF work many times)
    * Affirmation of GB’s desire to have TAC input to decisions with technical input
        * Created GB subcommittee focused on GB/TAC/Foundation staff communications to ensure effective, inclusive operations
        * Proposal of necessary charter changes targeted at Sept GB meeting
    * New: GB meeting minutes will be published publicly (after legal review)
    * Brief Discussion: Expansion of TAC?
        * Number of participating companies, and size of GB, has dramatically increased.
            * Current corporate membership breakdown: 85 (25 Premier / 48 General / 12 Associate)
        * There’s dialogue on whether or not TAC should increase as well, and whether this is valuable to correlate to GB size or to # of WG’s/Projects.
    * Brief Discussion: Clarification of OpenSSF mission
        * Proposal of necessary charter updates targeted at Sept GB meeting
* OpenSSF Operations Staff resourcing update [Brian/Jory/Jenn/Khahil]
    * Jory is back! Welcome!
    * Jenn Bonner OOTO family leave (Aug 15-Jan 16)
    * Khahil has been here for a while & will be stepping up doing more
* [SPDX python library funding](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qNoXx0WpMoPNukUujvJkDwPJRbvIUTX8mT1QpwFP-Co/edit#) [Josh]
    * Stream 9 is “SBOM everywhere” - one issue is that there’s a need to improve some SPDX libraries.
    * Time-sensitive
    * Spec revision is coming out but library doesn’t quite properly support 2.2, need to update. Current maintainer stepped in as prior walked away.  Current maintainer is volunteer and busy on other things.  Code needs to be  cleaned up & refactored, for better interoperability and ability to integrate community improvements back.
    * Scope of work is to get the project to v2.3 compliance
    * Estimate 150 - 165K Euro.
    * Josh: I’m excited, it’s shovel-ready.
    * Aeva: Need to write contract to help incentivize longer-term sustainability, use that as a model for the future.
    * Josh: More generally, want the SBOM Everywhere SIG to help move forward more generally.
    * SPDX does not have membership funding & has no funding itself.
    * Abhishek: Does it make sense to move SPDX into OpenSSF? It’s critical to industry.
    * Kate: There’s been discussions. Core community likes no-fee for creating the spec, which works fine for the spec, but it doesn’t work for tooling.
    * David: Tooling vs. spec might be a useful separation, tooling is critical.
    * _Motion: that the TAC endorses funding for SPDX python lib to be brought up to SPDX v2.3 (only) in anticipation of the community further improving towards 3.0, with no further funding needed from the OpenSSF (as proposed)._
        * Aeva: Price seems high, but support it, important & we do have the budget for it. We need to make sure we work to make this sustainable.
        * Vote by text and “yes” symbol: Of 6 members: 3 voted yes, 3 texted yes, 0 nos, motion **passed unanimously.**
    * Brian B will work with Bob C to raise this to OpenSSF GB for funding approval via email in next day or 2 (they see no need to wait for a board meeting).
* Continued discussion on [PR 112](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/112) [Aeva]
    * Intent: Next TAC meeting, discuss this PR’s fate
* GB TAC funding discussion [Brian]
    * Deferred to next meeting


