# **2022-06-14 Meeting**

Attendance (please add yourself)



* **Josh Bressers (Anchore, TAC)**
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* **CRob (Intel, TAC)**
* **Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, TAC)**
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* **Luke Hinds (Red Hat, TAC)** - need to leave 30 mins early.
* **Bob Callaway (Google, TAC)**
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* **Aeva Black (Microsoft, TAC)**
* **Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC) - **need to leave 30 min early
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, Alpha-Omega)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Alex Quesada (Wipro)
* Jenn Bonner (LF, OpenSSF)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Steve Taylor (DeployHub)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* Brian Behlendorf (Linux Foundation)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Luigi Gubello ()

## Agenda



* [Jenn Bonner] Suggestion to have a standing TAC agenda item for working group (and/or other project) updates. This would help establish a structure for the TAC to stay apprised of various WG activities at a regular cadence. Use the agenda time slot (5-10 mins) to rotate through all WGs and the special/specific projects like Sigstore, Alpha-Omega and GTI. Perhaps hit 1-2 per meeting. Could record “last update received” in the housekeeping table below. Make sure to give WG chairs and project leads sufficient heads-up when their update is expected to be provided during a TAC meeting. 
    * (Arnaud’s proposal) Approx 20 TAC meetings per year, rotate so that WG’s/SIF’s/Projects report approximately 4 times per year. Have the report be made available in written format and submitted to TAC. Allows opportunity for TAC to ask questions, or WG to ask TAC for input, as needed.  
        * Written template
            * Anything you want to bring up to the TAC (make sure this is added to the template)
            * _<span style="text-decoration:underline;">TBD</span>_: text-based or slide-based template?
            * _<span style="text-decoration:underline;">TBD</span>_: where to store & distribute reports? (mailing list, github, or a shared drive)
        * Cal invites set up to ping WG chairs as a reminder
        * There was consensus on the overall goal, cadence based on even distribution over the year, and having written artifacts that can be shared & archived
        * **ACTION**: OpenSSF Operations staff (Jenn/Jory) to assist with calendaring, scheduling the WG/SIF reports, and assisting with archiving/distributing the reports.
* [OpenSSF Staff (Brian/Jenn/Jory)] Explore interest in hosting an OpenSSF Day at [Open Source Summit EU ](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-europe/)in Dublin. Sept 13-16, 2022.
    * [brian] Target Date would be Sept 12th
    * Several members noted that travel remains off-limits to them by their employer and that they would not be able to attend. Others noted that it would be helpful to have an event in the EU for EU-based participants. 
    * **ACTION**: Brian and team will pursue the opportunity further; looking to secure either booth space, working space, or other options that would promote more “project collaboration” and not be in competition with the SupplyChain SecurityCon. 
* Continue conversation on project criteria & governance
    * Brief review of June 3rd meeting
    * Update on action items 
    * Strategy / scoping conversation
    * Revisit any parking lot items from 6/3?


