# **2022-02-22 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* Jenn Bonner (OpenSSF, LF)
* Jim Flanagan (AWS)
* Abhishek Arya (Google) - Have to bail out after 30 min due to conflict.
* Bob Callaway (Google)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Brian Russell (Google)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* CRob (Intel)
* VM Brasseur (Wipro, she/her)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore)
* Julia Ferraioli (Twitter)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF / OpenSSF)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Sudhindra Rao (JFrog)
* Melba Lopez (IBM)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft)
* Luke HInds (red hat)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* George Kunz
* Kim Lewandowski
* Priya Wadhwa
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Yehuda Gelb

## Agenda

* It’s the new TAC! 
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac#members](https://github.com/ossf/tac#members)
    * Jenn Bonner will contact TAC members to update the OpenSSF website TAC page here:  \
[https://openssf.org/about/tac/](https://openssf.org/about/tac/)
    * (aeva) do we need a motion to confirm the new members?
* Election of TAC Chair
    * Nominees: Bob Callaway, Aeva Black
    * Aeva asks for confirmation that all 7 TAC members present, and it is confirmed
    * Dan suggests balloting by OpaVote
    * Balloting
        * Aeva moves balloting by OpaVote by next Tuesday, March 1, 2022
        * CRob seconds
        * No objections
* Assign sponsors from the TAC to each working group (initiative)
    * How would the TAC like to proceed with this?
    * [Aeva] Project mentors from CCC: [https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/main/project-mentors.md](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/main/project-mentors.md)
    * Today’s state: 6 working groups, 3 top-level projects (Sigstore, GNU Toolchain Infrastructure, Alpha-Omega)
    * [Aeva] Asks the following questions
        * does the TAC generally agree that this is a good direction?
        * if so, how do we want to decide on formalizing the roles/relationships between WG/Project&lt;->TAC ?
* [Abhishek Arya] Concerns on OSV Schema Project in Vulnerability Disclosures WG by Jason Keirstead, Foxboron.
    * Current status: Official vuln format in Python, Golang, Rust, GSA and OSS-Fuzz. Plus [active collaboration](https://github.com/ossf/osv-schema/commits?author=chrisbloom7) with GitHub Security Advisories.
    * Request for re-evaluation or any concerns from TAC.
        * WG will revisit the project and any concerns can be discussed and if needed brought to the TAC
        * WG lead will reach out to Oliver - ochang [at] google.com
* [Jacques Chester] Request to endorse [a new working group for source package managers to cooperate](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/79)
    * Discussion follows, seeking to balance the work-volume of this new effort &lt;-> the scope of the existing WG
    * Will hold first 5 meetings and then bring back to the TAC
* Aeva and Josh will revisit the WG guide
    * Aeva created an issue in the TAC repo
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/working-group-lifecycle.md](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/working-group-lifecycle.md#working-group-life-cycle)
    * [[Proposal] Review and update TAC's project progression documents · Issue #83 · ossf/tac (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/83)
* [Brian Behlendorf] New chair for Security Tools WG
    * Brian to take general consensus on WG self-electing new chair back to WG
* [Priya Wadhwa] Sigstore GA topic - 20m presentation ([slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Dh1tfc0tAg5OlpRLg77cZQKwfo8Q-BYYuCSnNZrjF8s/edit?usp=sharing))
    * Aeva asks if API’s are planned to adhere to SemVer when the project hits GA / 1.0. Answer “TBD”