# **2022-04-05 Meeting**


## Attendance (please add yourself):



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Stephen Chin (JFrog)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Jory Burson (Linux Foundation)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jenn Bonner (Linux Foundation)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Steve Chin (JFrog)
* Dustin Ingram (Google)
* Sudhindra Rao (JFrog)
* Melba Lopez (IBM)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)

## Agenda



* [bcallaway] Heads-up: Motion to accept new WG “Securing Software Repositories” will be made at the April 19th TAC meeting
* [jory] Update on housekeeping table
    * We’ll convert WG meeting notes in Google docs into GitHub (so they can be kept long-term)
* [Sudhindra Rao] Review and approve [PR 91](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/91) - which copies over project approval process from cncf 
    * [Aeva] looking forward to the discussion
    * TAC discussion - there’s a lot of good stuff, but there’s a lot of stuff
    * David W: If it’s accepted, and that’s thet TAC’s decision, mark it as DRAFT - the website should clearly show what’s active & what’s not
    * David W: I suggest breaking this into smaller chunks so it’s easier to review, then accept little pieces.. This is large & challenging to review all at once
    * Recommend NOT using Google docs/Google forms for the process, they can’t be accessed from many places
        * Counter-recommendation: GH notification spam can be too noisy. CNCF’s choices to use forms have contextual reason that may or may not apply today.
    * Bob: what’s the minimum viable set of policies that we need to reach to merge?
* [Aeva] requesting review on small community-overview doc
    * [[DRAFT] initial pass at defining terminology in the readme by AevaOnline · Pull Request #4 · ossf/community (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/community/pull/4) 
* [Jory] OpenSSF Day FYI
    * Register: [https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/features/openssf-day/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/features/openssf-day/) - June 20

        Let Jory/Ops know if you will be there! (or at OSSNA)
