# **2022-03-08 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**, Chair)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* VM (Vicky) Brasseur (Wipro)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Jenn Bonner (LF, OpenSSF)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF, OpenSSF)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Sudhindra Rao (JFrog)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC** Vice Chair, OSI Board)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Chris Lamb (Reproducible Builds)
* Kai Chen（HUAWEI，GB member）
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Michael Winser (Google, Alpha-Omega)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Asaf Karas (JFrog)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)

## Agenda

* [bcallaway] Confirm by vote: Aeva Black (Microsoft) to serve as vice-chair of TAC 
    * Crob makes the motion. Dan seconds. All in favor. No objections. One abstention (Aeva)
* [CRob] TAC [Issues ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues)grooming?  Can we get everything dispositioned?
    * CRob - action to: triage anything >30d old, comment, close if no reply in 7d
    * Dan - update TAC github membership setting
* [Aeva] - Brief update on Project donation / progression processes/documentation
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/83](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/83)
    * Bob noted this is a top priority for the TAC to resolve
    * Deferred a detailed update to Pyrsia until we have a well-documented and agreed-to process
* [Jory] Playbook / Support Resources for WG & SIFs
    * Discussion of common terminology, distinction between Project / WG / SIF
    * Aeva proposed fork-lifting def’n from CNCF, then editing as needed. Consensus approval.
    * Jory to create a new ‘community’ repo for Aeva to seed with the above.
* [All] - Other WG updates to share with TAC
    * Jacques - “securing software repos” proposed WG
    * Crob: Vulnerability WG (OSV donation; create CVD guide for helping sec researchers engage with OSS project maintainers (to be announced at Black Hat, tentative plan)
        * Aeva: note for future discussion: when an OSSF Tech Initiative wishes to host a service (OSV SaaS), where does that fit in the community processes in #83 ?
    * Jacques (securing critical projects); ranking method and outreach to experts to help with ranking
* [Stephen] If time, brief update on Pyrsia
* [Jory] GB general membership election FYI
    * Now >30 general members => +2 new board seats