# **2022-01-25 Meeting**

## Attendance (please add yourself):

* Phil Estes (AWS)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jenn Bonner (OpenSSF, LF)
* Steve Chin (JFrog)
* Sudhindra Rao (JFrog)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Michael Winser (Google)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat)
* Ryan Haning (Microsoft)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, OSI)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF, LF)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)

## Agenda:

* Election Update
    * Contact [operations@openssf.org](mailto:operations@openssf.org) with any issues regarding email ballot.
    * TAC Candidates: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/elections/OpenSSF-TAC-Nominations-2022.pdf](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/elections/OpenSSF-TAC-Nominations-2022.pdf)
    * SCIR Candidates: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/elections/OpenSSF-SCIR-Nominations-2022.pdf](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/elections/OpenSSF-SCIR-Nominations-2022.pdf)
    * Our thanks to everyone who is willing to serve! This is extremely competitive, we have some great candidates standing to serve for only a few positions.
* Pyrsia project update (Stephen Chin) - https://pyrsia.io
    * Biweekly committee meeting, biweekly architecture meeting, monthly outreach meeting
    * See: [https://github.com/pyrsia](https://github.com/pyrsia)
        * Goal: creating a system that secures open-source builds and distribution.
        * Pyrsia: “Zero-Trust Decentralized Package Network”
    * On OpenSSF Slack - #pyrsia-bootstrap
* Dev Tools Working Group
    * Ryan Ware has moved to a new company and is no longer able to be the lead of the WG.
    * Should we keep this group active or integrate with another WG, etc?
        * Wheeler: There’s a fuzzing WG within tools WG that’s pretty active (if we remove tools WG, need to move fuzzing WG & its other work to a new home like the Best Practices or Supply Chain)
* [lhinds] Consider a sandbox stage (and tiers) for projects (what would the criteria look like)?
    * CNCF & CD Foundation & Confidential Computing Consortium have tiers
        * [governance/project-progression-policy.md at master · confidential-computing/governance (github.com)](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/master/project-progression-policy.md)
    * Need to identify “what’s the end state” - what are the advantages to all parties?
    * Most important task of TAC is to identify these, change over time.
    * Don’t want OpenSSF to be dumping ground or heavy-handed, clearly define.
    * So next meeting: flush these details out
    * Pyrsia would like this formalized too!!
* Working Group / TAC interaction
    * Have every WG present, let’s get better oversight
        * Aeva: not necessarily “every WG at every TAC meeting”. My proposal is that the TAC have quarterly (or semesterly, as time permits) check-ins with each WG and Project, with the expectation of going into technical depth and creating time for the WG/Project to raise blocking concerns & requests for help
        * Aeva: I also suggest having a “community town hall” with representation from every WG/Project”
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/working-group-lifecycle.md](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/working-group-lifecycle.md)
    * Confidential Computing has a TAC mentor for each WG. We should have TAC sponsor for each WG, designated POC who’s there to help, WG leads don’t HAVE to go to sponsor but that’s someone whose job is to help.
        * [governance/project-mentors.md at master · confidential-computing/governance (github.com)](https://github.com/confidential-computing/governance/blob/master/project-mentors.md)