# **2023-07-11**


## Attendance ((please **mark an “X” if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name/Affiliation</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>GH ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Aeva Black (Microsoft, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>AevaOnline
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway (Google, <strong>TAC</strong>)  
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>CRob (Intel, <strong>TAC</strong>, <strong>BEST WG facilitator, Vuln Disc facilitator, End User WG</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>(regrets, can’t join today)
   </td>
   <td>Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>dlorenc
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Dustin Ingram (Google, <strong>TAC, Securing SW Repos WG Lead)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>di
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Zach Steindler (GitHub, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>steiza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Adrianne Marcum (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Brian Behlendorf (LF)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>brianbehlendorf
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Chris de Almeida (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ctcpip
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>torgo
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David Edelsohn (IBM, <strong>CTI co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Isaac Hepworth (Google, <strong>SCI WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jacques Chester (independent, <strong>End User WG co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>jchester
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White (Microsoft)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jeff Wayman (EUWG, Sonatype)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>thiswayman
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Josh Bressers (Anchore, <strong>Tooling WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jonathan Leitschuh (OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Luke Hinds (CSIR, , <strong>sigstore lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, <strong>Alpha-Omega, ID Security Threat WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Phil Estes (AWS)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>estesp
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Ryan Ware (Intel)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ware
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sal Kimmich
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>EscherCloud
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Nigel Brown
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>therealnb
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Kris Borchers (Independent)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>kborchers
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



### Agenda:

_Agenda Items should be entered no less than 24 hours prior to call.  New business should be logged as an [Issue ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues)in the TAC repository._



* Request volunteer for scribe
    *  David A. Wheeler
* Determine TAC quorum
    * Have TAC Quorum - all but Laurence
* Update homework/outstanding ARs
    * @TAC - Backlog scrub update
    * [TAC Issue 161](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/161) - [pull request to update SIG process](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/182)
    * SIGs: Should report to a WG or TAC, generally they would report to a WG.
    * Aeva: Ideally a SIG should eventually move into a WG, so the TAC isn’t overwhelmed, but it’s fine if a SIG starts under the TAC.
    * There are some changes planned, will update by end of week. Please submit comments by end of Thursday.
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    *  Tooling WG - Josh Bressers
        * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NfrSKl8vCFXe1IgZkL2tH61orM1fFdOdQmRNOmK1Ujo/edit#slide=id.p1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NfrSKl8vCFXe1IgZkL2tH61orM1fFdOdQmRNOmK1Ujo/edit#slide=id.p1)
        * They have a Fuzzing SIG & Fuzz Introspector, does some amazing things - OSS-Fuzz uses it.
            * Note: There’s a proposed upcoming blog to explain what the fuzz introspector tool does & recent improvements.
        * Others have proposed that other tooling work, but they haven’t agreed to work on it.
        * Almost all of its work is “SBOM Everywhere SIG”
            * Mostly working sessions
            * Asking SBOM use cases to talk with us
            * At the end, then we could ask for more resources, once we understand the landscape better.
            * “SBOM Use Cases for Security” - working through “why should we do this?” - sometimes the answer isn’t one
            * Want to have an SBOM landscape (similar to the CNCF landscape) - need time to do it, everyone loves a landscape.
        * What’s the coverage re: fuzzing?
            * The work here (in the Tooling WG) is about helping improve the use of fuzzing, including tools to give insights in fuzzing processes, not directly fuzzing specific OSS projects.
        * There’s no formal inter-relationship with CISA, they’re cautious because they’re part of the US government.
        * There are so many SBOM groups, we’d like to be the connective tissue between them.
    * Supply Chain Integrity (SCI) WG - Isaac H
        * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dSvWNKQYi52iGMxSpfbjVJf4SJLwWy5IcMcOYFnwBHs/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dSvWNKQYi52iGMxSpfbjVJf4SJLwWy5IcMcOYFnwBHs/edit) 
        * “Supply Chain Control Plane” - S2C2F focuses early on the _selection_, SLSA focuses around the build process.
        * Being accepted into a WG - follow the WG voting process.
        * There’s some legal review, contact OpenSSF staff. We don’t require copyright assignment, but we need to review licenses & any special issues (trademark, domain names, patents, etc.)
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    *  
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals) - ISSUES & PRs filed in TAC Repo
    * [TAC Issue 175](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/175) - AI/ML WG Proposal- Nigel Brown - _15min_
        * Have mission statement, >5 meetings. Met 7 times. Have many people attending.
        * Big concern in TAC: overlaps with other groups. So wrote a gap analysis document to deconflict.
        * Gap/Overlap analysis here 
            * [SIG: Defining the Gap in Security AI/ML](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11tXIecCx-PHaLGJwqT_o31WbUVXHz7mR2auxArYwnjQ/edit)
            * LF AI; OWASP; some research groups; etc.
            * We believe we’re different enough.
        * Aeva: We want 2+ organizations to *support* the work, not just attend.
        * Sal: There’s always more gaps we can identify. We are lacking clear communication on AI security posture. That’s what OpenSSF does. I still think there’s a need for this group somewhere, LF AI or OpenSSF or anywhere else.
        * Arnaud: I raised the positioning issue earlier, really appreciate this effort to answer this. I think this WG is more focused on developers not users, if that’s what it is. We need to clearly explain to everyone what WE are doing, and make it clear how to distinguish between it and other efforts.
        * David E: The focus was the statement from Arnaud: LF AI security is focussed on user and OpenSSF AI is focused on developer.
        * Challenge: There’s a little bit of a chicken & egg problem, people don’t want to commit much until it’s a real WG, and it can’t be a real WG until there’s commitment.
        * Sal: Need a decision within ~ 2-3 months I think.
        * Aeva: Historically there’s been lots of commitment to support WG efforts, this is different and it’s not clear.
        * Zach S: I can commit to attending July 19 meeting.
    * [TAC Issue 180](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/180) - EUWG - OSS Consumption Manifesto - Jonathan Meadows/Jacques Chester  - _10 min_ 
        * Informational only, no vote or action required.      
        * “It’s not scary, it’s friendly”
    * Aeva’s topic _- 5 min_
        * Last week at Microsoft. Aeva will still be around OSS & security. Jay White will take over Aeva’s role.
        * We don’t have a process for taking over a TAC member seat, but I propose.
        * Brian B: Let’s talk & figure out what to do next.
* Updates on older matters 
    * Omkhar will return with an update on TAC [Issue 177](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/177) on 25July
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * Can we make a decision on Issue 175 today?
    * Please flag any issues for voting for next meeting
* Michael Scovetta
    * Around August would like to have longer discussion about direction.
* AOB
    * None this week


---


