# **2023-02-07 Meeting**
**Attendance (please add yourself):**



* CRob (Intel, TAC)
* Aeva Black (MSFT, TAC Vice Chair)
* Zack Newman (Chainguard, Securing Software Repos)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* Luke Hinds (RedHat, TAC)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF / OpenSSF)
* Rosaria Carr (Indeed)
* Kurt Taylor (LF)
* David A. Wheeler (LF)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub)
* Roberth Strand (Amesto Fortytwo / Cloud Native Norway)
* Luigi Gubello (Pitch)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Jennifer Bly (LF/OpenSSF)

Regrets:



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC** Chair)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, TAC)

Agenda:



* [jbly] OpenSSF Town Hall in Feb - CFP - want to do this within 30 days
    * If you’re interested in presenting, please let OpenSSF staff know!
* [OSSummit ](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/)/ OpenSSF Day - intend to have OpenSSF Day in OSSummit, Vancouver, May 10-12 [Aeva/Kurt], during the first day but separate registration
    * Co-lo during first day, not overlapping keynotes. Don’t want to overload CDCon or be on Friday.
    * Will run CFP. Goal is outreach.
    * Will also co-lo next to OSSummit EU & have a Japan event. (We already had an event with CNCF).
    * [Luke] Maybe we could use TAC member socials to increase signal and attention on the CFP (if they are happy with that,.. individually)
    * Don’t make the extra cost high, because we don’t want to discourage people from coming. $199 seems a little high, understand that $0 is too low.
        * We can do some things to reduce costs for those who are active in our processes.
* TAC elections [Aeva/Bob]
    * **Option 1**: Leave elected term lengths as is for 2023 (potentially addressing this question in later years)
    * **Option 2:** Ask the GB to change the charter (effective before this election) to denote that while we will still hold annual elections, there will be 2 elected seats which have 2 year terms and 2 elected seats that have 1 year terms. 3 seats are appointed by the Governing Board for 1 year terms (the charter should be amended to explicitly reflect this).
        * If this option is selected, the TAC would need to recommend whether candidates should select their desired term length, or whether 2 year terms would be automatically assigned to the candidates receiving the highest number of votes (dependent on the counting system chosen). There are some interesting corner cases to consider in either approach (or likely in alternative approaches I didn't list here).
    * Bob C votes **Option 2** via email 2/5/2023
    * 4 YES on Option 1, 1 present, 1 vote for option 2 by email. Option 1 carries.
* [Issue 131](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/131) - OSS-SIRT SIG Plan proposal [CRob] - need TAC feedback!
* [Issue 134](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/134) - EDU.SIG Plan Proposal [CRob] - need TAC feedback!
    * Dan motions to advance 134 and 131 to the GB for review & funding.
    * Aeva - I need a little more time to review. Other TAC members, also please read. We’ll then vote (in the TAC) on whether or not to bring this to the GB.
* [Issue 132](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/132) - Vote to recommend (or not) OSS-Security mailing list funding -  [CRob]
    * David E. - should such proposals necessarily come through WGs?
    * CRob - this proposal was reviewed and raised through the vulnerability disclosure WG, they enthusiastically approved.
    * Three YES. No other active TAC members. We’ll complete the vote by email.
* [Slack thread ](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C01AAV2TTEG/p1672769979926729)on PyPI Malware [Justin Hutchings] - Zack Newman
    * Zack Newman - can openssf become a coordination point for repo malware?
    * Broad initiative would be to have a collection of known malware, data about malware packages and/or malware generally, as a starting point for research.
    * Zack: I think “Securing Software Repos” WG is a good place to do this. Don’t know that we need a TAC action on this.
    * Aeva: If there’s no funding or legal request, it seems like they should just go forward. If there is a funding/legal request, please ask.
* [CRA response](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/13410-Cyber-resilience-act-new-cybersecurity-rules-for-digital-products-and-ancillary-services/F3376650_en) - public policy committee knew about EU Cyber Resilience Act (CRA). Calls for new requirements on OSS, especially those that are used in critical systems. It seems to jump immediately to mandates. We formulated comments (deadline was January)
    * Many others also commented on the CRA, e.g., [https://blog.opensource.org/the-ultimate-list-of-reactions-to-the-cyber-resilience-act/](https://blog.opensource.org/the-ultimate-list-of-reactions-to-the-cyber-resilience-act/)
    * OpenSSF reply: [https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/13410-Cyber-resilience-act-new-cybersecurity-rules-for-digital-products-and-ancillary-services/F3376650_en](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/13410-Cyber-resilience-act-new-cybersecurity-rules-for-digital-products-and-ancillary-services/F3376650_en)  
    * The CRA implies that some OSS is “non-commercial”. This is quite different from the US, where OSS is a kind of commercial software & is free speech.
    * Bob C (via email): I would like the TAC to have had a pre-read before it went out. Not for approval, just for information.
    * Brian: I’ll provide that feedback back to the public policy committee.
* [Zachary Newman] FYI, no urgency, not ready yet: [ossf/tac#137](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/137): contribute “RSTUF” (sponsored by Securing Software Repos)
* [Luigi Gubello] (should OpenSSF have a) standard security policy (or SECURITY.md) for all projects? What about vulnerability rewards for key projects (bug bounties)?
    * [https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C01AAV2TTEG/p1672263423592999](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C01AAV2TTEG/p1672263423592999)
    * These are probably better brought up not in Slack (Slack messages disappear)
    * The vulnerability disclosures WG has a template, perhaps bring them across OpenSSF.


