# **2023-05-30**


## Attendance ((please **Mark your name in black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)



* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, **TAC**)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Dustin Ingram (Google, TAC)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub, **TAC**)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jonathan Leitschuh (OpenSSF)
* Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jacques Chester (independent)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, CTI)
* Sarah Evans (Dell Technologies)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Tim Pepper (VMware)
* Kris Borchers (Independent)

TAC Member Regrets



*  


### Agenda:



* Request volunteer for scribe
    *  
* Determine TAC quorum
    *  Full quorum
* Update homework/outstanding ARs _- 2min each MAX_
    * [TAC Issue 163](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/163) - TAC comments on the CRA & PLD update for the OpenSSF public policy committee (PPC) 
        * Has PPC seen the draft?  - Officially no, Not yet, likely later today,
        * TAC agreed to share it with the PPC
    * [TAC Issue 151](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/151)- Defining the “Sterling Toolchain” 
        * Weekly calls Tuesdays at 12p ET as determined by Doodle poll
        * Aeva: That time conflicts with one of the CISA public calls, & some others.
        * CRob: This is the challenge of voting on a meeting time. We’ll take notes & try to keep everyone up to date.
    * [TAC Issue 164](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/164) - Create access management policies for github.com/ossf 
        * Amanda: Jordan ran a scraper to determine who contributed.
        * We’ve invited anyone who’s contributed but had individual rights has been moved into a team.
        * At this point, *all* rights are controlled by *teams* instead of *individuals*, as desired. That should greatly simplify maintenance.
        * Please check for cases where jchestershopify->jchester should be done
        * Blast more notification (is on Slack) to general email list
        * [add github management policies dir #155](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/155) needs finalized
        * Jonathan Leitschuh: Quick update on GitHub [settings.yml Plugin](https://github.com/apps/settings)
            * I ran through - we intentionally removed this earlier. If you install it, anyone with push permission to a repo could modify your permissions.
            * That was a security problem, so we removed the app
            * However, there are still some vestigial files for configuring it that we should remove.
        * Aeva: how did org open membership discussion land and where documented? [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/155](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/155)
            * Focused on more urgent work that was done first.
            * Membership policy to be separated from mechanism (155 is mechanism), don’t yet have additional issue/PR open on that
        * Who should be able to create repos on OpenSSF?
            * Currently it’s “owner”, but the TAC could have it, up to the TAC
            * Jonathan L: I’d like permission to be able to do that
            * Aeva: TAC would like permission to add repos in OpenSSF
            * All agreed TAC & OpenSSF staff should be able to create repos - will work offline.
    * [TAC Issue 162](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/162) - Foundation groups documentation audit 
    * [TAC Issue 149](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/149) - Open Source Security Foundation Vulnerability Disclosure Policy [VOTE NEXT TIME]
        * The policy has already been approved, however that didn’t resolve a standing question: “Where should this document live?”
            * TAC repo? OpenSSF foundation (because it’s org-wide)? Maybe .github repo of OpenSSF? Maybe Vulnerability Disclosures WG?
        * It’s ratified/approved - where does this live?
        * CRob: TAC - please review, we’ll make a decision by next TAC call. We’ll vote if we have to.
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    *  BEST WG Update (CRob)
        * BEST WG May 2023 [update](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1__sodEVdVkp9UNSPOW-9WxDz4JvSWWkKgNwQ5HQ_Diw/edit#slide=id.g13dc63f7ee3_0_114)
    *  End User WG Update (Jonathan & Jacques)
        * Slides [[LINK](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1D6DK-_Muij3OKDeMc-E6jGQxE6uuaXTsAhIOuzSoswk/edit#slide=id.g13dc63f7ee3_0_114)]
        * Main current focus is threat modeling enterprise architecture.
        * We’ve been working to enlist more people. At OpenSSF Day we asked “who is an end user” and only 2 hands raised - we want more!
        * Who are these people? Large consultancies, banks, telecomm, are already involved. We want more participation from smaller firms. To be fair, smaller firms will have a harder time getting involved. “The further you are from developing OSS, the closer you are to being an end user”.
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    * FYI - Securing Software Repos - [The Great Artifact Repository Audit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EzYfM5-S5I27fC8_YE-bN-nm-J8Q1tG6aC_MKYpUvH0/edit)
    * [OpenSSF Compliant Automated Vulnerability Fix Campaign](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/65a0acea-0e4f-432c-a74f-344b4a6efc3b/edit?page=cVk0lUk~7l3g&invitationId=inv_0f36ac45-0080-4f47-b7ae-959593d4b268#)
    * Jennifer Bly: OpenSSF Day EU will be co-located with Open Source Summit EU on Monday, September 18th, looking for program committee volunteers - email [operations@openssf.org](mailto:operations@openssf.org) with your interest
    * [OpenSSF Software Security Awareness Survey](https://www.research.net/r/HK8JVXP) currently open - help sharing would be appreciated
    * Next month we’ll featuring the Security Tooling WG on the blog and are accepting guest blogs on SBOMs and Fuzzing
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals) - ISSUES & PRs filed in TAC Repo
    * [TAC Issue 129](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/129) - Technical Vision - _10min_
        * Is everything ready for a merge?
        * Comments have been addressed - they aren’t “resolved” on GitHub so everyone can see the comments easily.
        * Merge approved!
    * [TAC Issue 169](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/169) - ["Maintainer Experience" of OpenSSF](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/169) - _10 min  _
        * BP WG?  New DevRel effort?  Software Repos Group?e
        * David A. Wheeler: I propose the “Best Practices” WG take a first crack at this. At the least work in the short-term on a page on OpenSSF.org website that helps developers immediately get to it. That will get us started, and perhaps if it eventually spins off to its own WG it’ll be clearer what needs doing.
        * This overlaps with the DevRel group. Amanda is leading this: [Exhibit Z: OpenSSF DevRel ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JvK2CFfu-LbndLsArm-iyQZe-mdfyvPGQJNIBQ9e0Fo/edit)
        * Arnaud: We should probably also think about other personas & see if they can easily find the materials.
        * Arnaud: Might eventually want to create its own WG, just like we have an “End User” WG.
        * Much more broadly, think through all the different personas / types of users, & determine how we can make it easy for them to find the information they want.
            * Need to be careful about tone, e.g., we do NOT want it to sound like “here’s how we tell those terrible XYZ exactly what they should be doing & the requirements we’re imposing on them”. That isn’t our focus.
            * David E: Want broad participation but ensure that participants have “skin in the game”. Ensure balanced variety of motivations.
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * None this week
    * Please flag any issues for voting for next meeting
* AOB
    * None this week


### Meeting Notes



*  


