# **2023-05-02**


## Attendance (please add yourself):



* CRob (Intel) (**TAC**)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Chris de Almeida (IBM)
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* Dustin Ingram (Google, **TAC**)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, CTI)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Kurt Taylor (LF)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub, **TAC**)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, **TAC**)
* Jonathan Leitschuh (OpenSSF)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, Alpha-Omega)
* Ryan Ware (Intel)
* Jessica Marz (Intel)
* Mike Dolan (Linux Foundation)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)

Agenda:



* NOTE: We have quorum
* Welcome new and returning TAC members!
    * Zach, CRob, Arnaud
* Call for nominations for new chair/vice-chair - run as OpaVote
    * Dan Lorenc (Chair)
    * Arnaud Le Hors (Chair)
    * Crob (Any)
    * Aeva (vice chair)
* Voting process:
    * Proposed: Top vote will be chair, second will be Vice Chair
    * Also: Could do separate votes. Aeva: Might be better, because Chair has a lot of time commitments.
    * TAC agreement: Will have 2 separate votes.
    * Would be good to update ossf/tac with an explicit description of roles/responsibilities of vice chair
    * Kurt: I’ll set up the votes. Close on nominations by end of this meeting, please, & then I’ll set up the vote, vote to run for 7 days, closing May 8th. Winners to be announced May 9th.
* 2 May - [CRob] Jessica Marz (Intel) to present proposal “[Secure Software Covenant](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1y9c9hTTIrQtfWDtY6iNFHwUt2cv1lLj3ZW9DnxDKhJI/edit)” / Secure Software Guiding Principles (the latter is the new name)
    * [Similar effort from GitHub](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mmSg8araofQfz6BMx5UZ1a-DV3qNfPNsB489ANruOX0/edit)
    * Has been discussed in package WG
    * Dan Lorenc: Some worried that it looks like companies demanding individuals to do things. Need to be clear that this is from individuals, not from companies.  Not a requirement on maintainers.
    * Should this be signed by companies? Individuals? Projects?
    * Should this be placed at the repository level and utilized by Scorecard?
    * [Aeva] ++ to aligning similar interests, and ++ to the general direction. I suggest moving this into a working group to "bake" and then bring back.
    * What about the software repos WG?
    * Suggest the WORK continue in the end user WG
* 2 May - [Jonathan L] [VOTE] Adopt the following two policies: [[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W2Xfw9i5pSA-0XbIw3a4kcW2o4PByxDbjcnWe9mlQwA/edit#)]:
    * OpenSSF Outbound Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
    * Model Outbound Vulnerability Disclosure Policy: Version 0.1
        * Some of the text is similar to Google’s policy. However, Google allows use like this, and it’s credited at the end. Is there a concern that Google is forcing something? Others weren’t concerned.
            * Jonathan: I’ve used Google’s policies for years & I’m comfortable the way it is, I find their rationale compelling. That’s why I picked it as the starting point.
    * Bob asked if all new TAC members were comfortable voting today, all new TAC members said they were
    * We need to have a comm plan to cover the projects (not just WGs)
        * We’ll need to notify all OpenSSF WGs & projects to make sure they know about this.
        * Does that include the Core Toolchain Initiative (previously known as GNU Toolchain Initiative, changed per FSF request)?
        * It could include CTI, but not the GNU projects themselves (CTI is just a funding vehicle - doesn’t control the GNU projects themselves).
    * We could apply to just Alpha-Omega, but it’s more powerful if it applies to all of OpenSSF.
    * CRob: Could create a comms plan
    * Sounds like we (TAC) can vote on accepting this for all of OpenSSF, including the model policy. Don’t need to vote on comms plan.
        * Vote: 7-0 unanimous agreement to accept this as the OpenSSF-wide policy on outgoing vulnerability disclosures
    * If we need to change it, when does TAC need to know?
        * Bob: When it’s meaningful. If it’s a spelling/typos fix, we (TAC) don’t need to know. If it’s a meaningful change, that needs TAC approval. E.g., changing time windows would be a substantive change needing TAC approval.
        * If it’s an added *clarification*, please let the TAC know so the TAC can decide if it’s meaningful.
* (_10 min max_): [Michael Scovetta] Update from **Alpha-Omega**
    * [Slide Deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JgN2lC6A9jztNH_gXlBtlAQdKF_4x_8TQ5iEXWRJysQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Aeva]: Technical horizon of PLD + CRA (from public policy committee)
    * The OpenSSF did provide comments earlier on the CRA. The European Commission has changed little, and it is unclear that any substantive changes will occur.
    * Background Reading 
        * [European Cyber Resilience Act: Potential Impact on the Eclipse Foundation | Life at Eclipse (eclipse-foundation.blog)](https://eclipse-foundation.blog/2023/01/15/european-cyber-resiliency-act-potential-impact-on-the-eclipse-foundation/)
        * [The ultimate list of reactions to the Cyber Resilience Act - Voices of Open Source](https://blog.opensource.org/the-ultimate-list-of-reactions-to-the-cyber-resilience-act/)
        * [Feedback from: The Open Source Security Foundation (europa.eu)](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/better-regulation/have-your-say/initiatives/13410-Cyber-resilience-act-new-cybersecurity-rules-for-digital-products-and-ancillary-services/F3376650_en)
    * There are many other postings about the CRA + PLD. Here are some:
        * [European Cyber Resilience Act: Potential Impact on the Eclipse Foundation](https://blogs.eclipse.org/post/mike-milinkovich/european-cyber-resilience-act-potential-impact-eclipse-foundation)
        * [Cyber Resilience Act: Good Intentions and Unintended Consequences](https://blogs.eclipse.org/post/mike-milinkovich/cyber-resilience-act-good-intentions-and-unintended-consequences)
        * [Python Software Foundation News: The EU's Proposed CRA Law May Have Unintended Consequences for the Python Ecosystem (pyfound.blogspot.com)](https://pyfound.blogspot.com/2023/04/the-eus-proposed-cra-law-may-have.html)
        * [Comply or Withdraw? (Webmink)](https://the.webm.ink/comply-or-withdraw)
    * Do read the CRA itself. Manufacturer/distributor/importer are basically the same for our purposes.
    * You need to consider BOTH the CRA and the PLD.
    * **Ask**: review the long-term impact / feasibility of the technical security requirements described in Europe’s PLD+CRA regulations, and on whether these requirements are likely to, in the end, lead to improvements in the security of open source.

