# **2023-12-12 - NO MEETING DUE TO GOV BOARD MEETING**


## Attendance ((please **mark an “X” if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name/Affiliation</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>GH ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway (Google, <strong>TAC</strong>)  
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>CRob (Intel, <strong>TAC</strong>, <strong>BEST WG facilitator & Disc facilitator, End User WG</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Daniel Appelquist (Independent, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>torgo
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Dustin Ingram (Google, <strong>TAC, Securing SW Repos WG Lead)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>di
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Michael Lieberman <strong>(TAC)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mlieberman85
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Zach Steindler (GitHub, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>steiza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Amanda Martin (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>hythloda
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Kurt Taylor (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Omkhar Arasaratnam (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Adrianne Marcum (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>afmarcum
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Harry Toor (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Bennett Pursell (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Amir Montazery (OSTIF, <strong>Securing Critical Projects co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Carlos O’Donell (Red Hat, <strong>CTI co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Chris de Almeida (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>David Edelsohn (IBM, <strong>CTI co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Gabi Stefanini (Shopify)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Isaac Hepworth (Google, <strong>SCI WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jacques Chester (independent, <strong>End User WG co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jay White (Microsoft)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jeff Mendoza (Kusari, <strong>Securing Critical Projects co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>jeffmendoza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jessica Marz (Intel)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Josh Bressers (Anchore, <strong>Tooling WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jonathan Leitschuh (OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jon Meadows (Citi, <strong>End User WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Luke Hinds (CSIR, , <strong>sigstore lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, <strong>Alpha-Omega, ID Security Threat WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Phil Estes (AWS)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Ryan Ware (Intel)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans (Dell Technologies)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Tim Pepper (VMware)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Dan Lorenc (Chainguard)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>dlorenc
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



---


### Agenda:

_Agenda Items should be entered no less than 24 hours prior to call.  New business should be logged as an [Issue ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues)in the TAC repository._



* Request volunteer for scribe
    *  
* Determine TAC quorum
    *  
* Update homework/outstanding ARs
    * This will be the last TAC call for 2023 and for the currently seated TAC members
        * Thank you to the 2023 TAC for helping better document and define how we operate
    * TAC election timeline:
1. Nominations Open: NOW
2. Nominations CLOSE: Dec 15
3. Voting Starts: December 16
4. Voting Stops:  December 30
5. New members seated: January 1

            To request a ballot that we sent through [OpaVote please fill out this google form](https://forms.gle/7suYexAnPxndvX856).

1. To run for the TAC:
2. [SCIR Member GB Nomination Form](https://forms.gle/ZZkC6zK3T7Ww43uC9)
3. [TAC Community Seat Self-Nomination Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdMkN_H3zVFW7NfZzsanF5isga3PNVUQj7-8VPlVPhb2F2iYQ/viewform)
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    *  BEST WG update + Security Toolbelt - CRob 
        * &lt;[link to preso](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1A8Sxm1L3_GcWZqaXepqT1Pj-1sULzUG7fRkCP5tTr24/edit?pli=1#slide=id.p1)>
    * End Users WG update - Jacques Chester and Jon Meadows
        * &lt;[link to preso](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UuFYxPW7WWw8F7idV9ri8cyfNDcASC_oGQ1quEtXRck/edit?usp=sharing)>
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    *  
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals) - ISSUES & PRs filed in TAC Repo
    * [TAC PR 226](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/226) -  Gives + Gets for TIs
        * 
* Updates on older matters 
    * 
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * None this week
    * Please flag any issues for voting for next meeting
* AOB
    * None this week


