# **2023-03-21 Meeting**
**Attendance (please add yourself):**



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Dan Lorenc (**TAC**)
* Luke Hinds (**TAC**) (apologies, may need to drop on / off for 15 mins (school bus collection)
* Dan Appelquist (Snyk)
* Jeff Mendoza (Kusari)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Kurt Taylor (LF)
* Khahil White (LF)
* Jennifer Bly (LF)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF)
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub)
* David K (Intel)
* Mattia Rizzolo (Reproducible Builds/Debian)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Tim Pepper (VMware)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Tracy Miranda (Chainguard)
* [Francis Perron](mailto:f@u269c.com) (Person)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Luigi Gubello (Pitch)
* Jonathan Leitschuh (LF/OpenSSF Alpha Omega)
* Munawar Hafiz (OpenRefactory) \


Regrets:



* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**) \


Agenda:



* Reminder on Elections
    * 108 validated voters, 17 TAC and 2 SCIR Candidates, voting ends 11:59 EST April 2nd
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Securing Critical Projects WG **
    * Jeff Mendoza:
        * Mostly working on “[Set of Critical Projects](https://github.com/ossf/wg-securing-critical-projects/tree/main/Initiatives/Identifying-Critical-Projects)”
        * V2.0 work is going on in background: Automation for ingesting suggestions and getting data: census data, download count, criticality score
        * Currently working on[ v1.1 of list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ONZ4qeMq8xmeCHX03lIgIYE4MEXVfVL6oj05lbuXTDM/edit#gid=991730401), update of current list: In last stages of voting/consensus. Come join us!
        * Will formalize the critical project suggestion process before releasing v1.1 list.
        * Looking at accepting a new project, [10k list.](https://github.com/ossf/wg-securing-critical-projects/issues/66)
        * Other projects are making normal progress, features, releases etc. Package analysis, Criticality score, Allstar, etc.
* (_10 min max_): Update from **Identifying Security Threats WG **
    * 
* [bcallaway] Procedural Vote on [https://github.com/ossf/Governance-Committee/issues/7](https://github.com/ossf/Governance-Committee/issues/7), [https://github.com/ossf/Governance-Committee/issues/8](https://github.com/ossf/Governance-Committee/issues/8), [https://github.com/ossf/Governance-Committee/issues/9](https://github.com/ossf/Governance-Committee/issues/9) to the Governance Committee of GB for next steps
    * Call for objections, none given.
* [bcallaway] Discussion on [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/142](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/142) (Project governance model)
    * Justin Hutchings: TAC should have money.
    * David Edelsohn: TAC is advisory – in its name. The Governing Board is composed of funders who should determine how they wish their funds spent and the financial priorities of OpenSSF, not a blank check to TAC.  TAC should advise, filter, prioritize, recommend, not decide funding or unilaterally provide funding.  TAC does not have “skin in the game” for the funds.
    * Jacques Chester: concerned that there’s no communication b/w WGs and GB
    * CRob: need pre-sandbox stage. Also concerned that software seems to outweigh recognition of non-software efforts.
    * David A Wheeler: there’s value simply from association with OpenSSF name. We could do more to make information available.
    * Tracy Miranda: There are various services OpenSSF can offer, happy to talk more with folks. Helpful to formalize those services and tier projects and direct people to what’s available.
    * Arnaud Le Hors: we have a sandbox stage before incubation with criteria, we could revise them if necessary. We define for each stage a set of benefits to motivate graduation. One of the goals was to provide a central repo of list of things in the org. Newcomers say “I don’t know what’s going on? Where’s the list of all the things?” We might want PRs on TAC repo but not requiring TAC to vote.
    * Jacques: tying together that software-centricity and the question of funding for long-lived programs. Graduation makes sense for software projects, not necessarily for other forms of support, such as mailing list, help desk.
    * Bob Callaway: TAC does not have fiscal authority over budget. GB has aimed to be pragmatic. If we need $100 be streamlined, but $400 million it requires more buy-in and clarity. GB wants TAC to pass recommendations as to whether a proposal is timely, beneficial and ready. Example from today’s call of 3 proposals. GB wants TAC in the loop on significant spending. TAC gets to weigh in. So currently it would be: get vote in TAC, forward to Governance Committee, then on to GB.
    * Dan Lorenc: I don’t think anyone says “skip the process”. That TAC needs to vote was a surprise. In last 6 months S2C2F was accepted w/out TAC vote. Sigstore has accepted donations without coming to TAC. View that TAC approvals was for top-level projects. Difference between needing a vote from TAC and providing an FYI to TAC.
    * Tim Pepper: it’s normal to discover needs for clarity as foundation grows. We need to do what’s in the document but we should have TAC leading on discussions like this. What is the next iteration?
    * CRob: we need a clearer threshold on what needs to be escalated from WGs to TAC.
    * Arnaud: we don’t have a policy on how decisions are made. Eg “we make decision by consensus” might need definition because it can vary. Is it simple majority? Because we didn’t define beforehand even voting can be controversial.
    * Jeff Borek: I’ve been working on/chairing the Governance Committee, to be a safety net to catch the stuff falling into gaps. Foundation has grown enormously in 12 months. Happy to assist with these kinds of issues.
    * Bob Callaway: one thing GB has talked a lot about in past 12 months is mission and vision; focus of the foundation. Recognizing spectrum from individuals up to massive projects. Are we catalyzing change? In software, processes, non-software efforts? Call for topics to pursue in GitHub issues or to tackle in future TAC meetings.
    * Brian Behlendorf: was conclusion that we should vote soon over ? One to view that TAC needs to approve all technical initiatives or should it be delegated? For e.g. OpenVEX we need some clarity. Staff can help if we have clear idea of process.
    * Bob Callaway: I don’t think we have something to vote on today. See session as more retrospective. I heard (1) clarifying process around resources/funding (2) clarification whether process applies to top-level projects vs delegation to WGs (3) TAC representation at WGs and responsibility to be involved to degree possible
    * CRob: (4) better documentation on what triggers an escalation to TAC
    * Arnaud: (5) how do we make decisions? Simple majority? Without objection? Ideally each group defines it as part of their charter. We could have a set default.
        * Bob: TAC is documented as majority vote
        * Jeff Borek: We should have a consistent method for all WGs
        * CRob: each WG should be chartered based on template charter. To Arnaud’s point it’s fuzzy: we try to work with consensus but there’s wording for majority voting. Clarifying the membership ladder would be helpful.
    * (6) Zach: Bringing [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/142/files](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/142/files) to its conclusion; consider adding a sandbox step (or what to do if the project isn’t yet ready for sandbox / its own working group)
* AOB
    * CRob: Working with W3C on “Web Forward” security workshop. CFP, would love OpenSSF folks to participate.
    * Jeff Borek: thanks and congratulations Bob Callaway’s work as TAC chair, evolving from 0.0 to 1.0
        * Bob: modest words


