# **2023-10-03**


## Attendance ((please **mark an “X” if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name/Affiliation</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>GH ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway (Google, <strong>TAC</strong>)  
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>CRob (Intel, <strong>TAC</strong>, <strong>BEST WG facilitator &Vuln Disc facilitator, End User WG</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Daniel Appelquist (Snyk, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>Torgo
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Dustin Ingram (Google, <strong>TAC, Securing SW Repos WG Lead)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>di
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Michael Lieberman <strong>(TAC)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mlieberman85
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Zach Steindler (GitHub, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>steiza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Amanda Martin (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>hythloda
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Omkhar Arasaratnam (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Adrianne Marcum (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>afmarcum
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Harry Toor (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Bennett Pursell (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>David Edelsohn (IBM, <strong>CTI co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Jay White (Microsoft)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jeff Mendoza (Kusari, <strong>Securing Critical Projects co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>jeffmendoza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Phil Estes (AWS)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Ryan Ware (Intel)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ware
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans (Dell Technologies)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Aditya Sirish (NYU, in-toto, gittuf)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>adityasaky
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Dennis Zhang (NYU, SBOMit)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>yzhang71
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Aeva Black [CISA]
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Luigi Gubello
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



### Agenda:

_Agenda Items should be entered no less than 24 hours prior to call.  New business should be logged as an [Issue ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues)in the TAC repository._



* Request volunteer for scribe
    *  David A. Wheeler will help!
* Determine TAC quorum
    *  5/7 - Dustin is at in-person Alpha Omega meeting. We meet quorum.
* Update homework/outstanding ARs
    * Noted for future meetings
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    *  Identifying Security Threats,  Michael Scovetta (Luigi will provide update)
        * [Oct 3 2023 Identifying Security Threats WG - TAC Update ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GFedRkNLwanU1zyqEM6JryoD8WC69x_907DHH2yVwfg/edit#slide=id.p2)
        * Risk dashboard: Plan to have next demo at end of month
            * Q: for the risk dashboard, how is the "risk score" being calculated (e.g., a published formula)?
                * We’ll write a paper on this, building on previous dashboard
            * How does this relate to Scorecard?
                * Scorecard is one of the data sources. Risk dashboard collects data from several sources, including Scorecard.
            * Send questions to Jay White, he leads the dashboard effort
        * Security Insights: Machine readable spec of information. First version launched yesterday, will be used in CNCF Security Slam.
        * Threats, Risks, & Migitations paper. First released June 2020, working on minor update, the minor update won’t include AI (another WG working on that)
            * Two other groups are also working on threat modeling: End User WG & Security Toolbelt. It’d be good to triangulate these three efforts.
    * Securing Critical Projects- Amir Montazery and Jeff Mendoza (Jeff presented) 
        * [Oct 3 2023 Securing Critical Projects WG - TAC Update ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gGmyxNIS1eGFbKqI3JpixgBdNPXRfCPXNcJSKsJAxFs/edit#slide=id.p1)
        * [WG update blog](https://openssf.org/blog/2023/09/28/openssf-securing-critical-projects-working-group-identifying-and-helping-improve-top-open-source-projects/)
        * TL/DR: [Version 1.1 posted](https://github.com/ossf/wg-securing-critical-projects/tree/main/Initiatives/Identifying-Critical-Projects/Version-1.1).
        * Next steps:
            * MVSR
            * System for accepting feedback/suggestions. We’re working on this.
            * Requirements for next iteration
        * [Malicious Packages blog](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O-tbV8cZNtb5gmxx_Sc91Or88xxUOYYBF-EOj6iAyK4/edit?resourcekey=0-dqxr6m0U5m6naamMAS0bNQ#heading=h.cn79zva8szwz) launching soon
        * Want to do a “roadshow” to the other WGs.
            * Want feedback: what changes (if any) needed so it’s useful
            * Need a formal process for proposing new projects to be added
        * When we talk with some projects (e.g., OpenSSL), it’d be nice to indicate “you’re in our critical project list”
        * What’s the connection with the repos WG? Want to share with them. Several package managers are themselves listed as critical projects, as they control the supply chain ingestion for many.
    * Prioritization , Omkhar + Harry
        * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/177](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/177) 
        * Original governance work proposed is being executed by the tool belt and ops model. And that future updates can come from them.
        * Omkhar: Most of that work has been taken on by the toolbelt group, thank you for that!
        * Sarah Evans etc. has been picking up MVSR work.
        * Look for future results in those areas.
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    * David: Best practices badge now at [www.bestpractices.dev](www.bestpractices.dev), sending out emails as bestpractices.dev, updated logo in development
    * OpenSSF just hired Dana Wang as Chief Architect! Hopefully she’ll be able to join us next time. Started yesterday, got email access today.
    * Jennifer: We’re working on annual report. Leads, please think about what you want included.
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals) - ISSUES & PRs filed in TAC Repo
    * 
* Updates on older matters 
    * [TAC Issue 192](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/192) - SBOMit sandbox application approved 6 in favour, 1 abstain.  TAC will work on creating new “spec” group definition to make adoption of future similar work more streamlined.
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * Recommend to GB for adoption - Secure Software Development Guiding Principles - Jessica Marz + Sarah Evans - _10min_
        * [TAC Issue 193 ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/193)
        * It’s gone through several rounds of review, Dell is excited to adopt this.
        * The end users WG has put together an “end user manifesto” for consumers, complementary to these principles for developers.
        * CRob: I endorse these!
        * Arnaud: The idea would then be to send to the GB as well?
            * It’s technical, so the TAC is really the group.
            * We’ll inform the GB, individual GB members can amplify it if they wish.
        * Michael: Which software developers signed off on this?
            * Jessica would know (she’s not here).
            * Arun: We at Intel have thousands of developers, we looked at it, have no objections.
        * CRob: We’d talked about talking with other foundations about adopting this.
        * Jennifer: From a marketing perspective, it would be great to have a list of members who have committed to this (publicly) to share at the get-go as well
        * Good work!
        * See updates in the issue.
        * @CROB+Sarah+Jessica - add preamble to doc with details of who/how the doc was created, add scope/audience, work with TAC to integrate into onboarding/erwview processes, bump rev to 1.0
        * THANK YOU Sarah & Jessica!
    * gittuf to be adopted as Sandbox project - Aditya - _10min_
        * [TAC Issue 198](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/198)
        * Aditya is a PhD student at NYU
        * Git provides some integrity, does not support policies
        * Gittuf improvements
            * Key management. Distribution verification keys for git signatures using TUF semantics, can remove keys on compromise
            * Reference state log. Fully ordered log of activities. Protects against reference state attacks
            * Access control policies. Can limit who can write where
            * 4 maintainers
            * Zach: I’m excited!
            * It would go into the Supply Chain Integrity WG if accepted.
            * Requirements: Need 2 organizations, novel solution. Looks good!
            * License review: Done, no problems.
            * Vote to adopt (TAC is at quorum): +5 in favor, 0 opposed 0 abstain.
            * Welcome aboard to our newest sandbox project! We look forward to it!
* AOB
    * Dan Appelquist could say 2 words about last week’s the [Secure the Web Forward Workshop](https://www.w3.org/2023/03/secure-the-web-forward/).
        * Sep 26-28 virtual
        * Joint W3C, OpenSSF, OWASP, OpenJS
        * Dan chaired the workshop
        * Notes transcribed (Chatham House rules so who said what isn’t noted). There will be a formal workshop report.
        * Thanks so much!


