# **2023-06-13**


## Attendance ((please **mark an “X” if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name/Affiliation</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>GH ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Aeva Black (Microsoft, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>AevaOnline
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway (Google, <strong>TAC</strong>)  
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>CRob (Intel, <strong>TAC</strong>, <strong>BEST WG facilitator, Vuln Disc facilitator, End User WG</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>dlorenc
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Dustin Ingram (Google, <strong>TAC, Securing SW Repos WG Lead)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>di
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Zach Steindler (GitHub, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>steiza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Amanda Martin (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>hythloda
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>  X
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>jennbly
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Daniel Appelquist<strong> </strong>(Snyk)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>torgo
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David Edelsohn (IBM, <strong>CTI co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>edelsohn
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>gkunz
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jacques Chester (independent, <strong>End User WG co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White (Microsoft)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>camaleon2016
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jeff Mendoza (Kusari , <strong>Securing Critical Projects co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>jeffmendoza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, <strong>Alpha-Omega, ID Security Threat WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>scovetta
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Phil Estes (AWS)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>estesp
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Mike Lieberman (Kusari)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>    X
   </td>
   <td>Tim Miller (Kusari)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>trmiller
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Kris Borchers (independent)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>kborchers
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



---


### Agenda:

_Agenda Items should be entered no less than 24 hours prior to call.  New business should be logged as an [Issue ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues)in the TAC repository._



* Request volunteer for scribe
    *  Jacques will scribe
* Determine TAC quorum
    *  7 present, meeting is quorate
* Update homework/outstanding ARs
    * Follow-up needed for TAC-email “[Supply Chain Integrity Working Group - 2023 Priorities & Direction](https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-tac/topic/99271008)” - WG reporting into TAC 11 July, do we wish to extend their time at next report time to review/discuss?
        * Bob, Arnaud: agree with extending their time
        * Aeva: No strong feeling
        * Will extend time on 11th
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    * Identifying Security Threats - Michael Scovetta~~ and Jennifer Fernick~~
        * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19ZyEcoeSJf_bUlezimuUIsh4NqZTrhrFiW3UgofEXt4/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19ZyEcoeSJf_bUlezimuUIsh4NqZTrhrFiW3UgofEXt4/edit?usp=sharing) 
        * Jennifer Fernick hasn’t participated in a while. We’d love to have her back, but if now, probably need to update leadership list.
        * “Informed confidence in ecosystem by collecting and providing data”
        * Metrics dashboard most active project right now
            * To replace/be better than POC dashboard. Provide info to OSS consumers.
            * Backend code already started, FE to begin soon.
            * Feeling confident right now that no help needed, but funding question will arise due to volume of data being collected.
        * Threats, Risk, Mitigations paper wrote in 2020. Looking at revising as world has changed a bit.
            * Jeff Borek: what’s the plan to promote/distribute the paper? We have a general problem in OpenSSF of awareness of our work.
            * Michael Scovetta: probably take a few months to get in shape. Having OpenSSF blog is reasonable way to get out. Fundamental problem is many jockeying for attention in security space. Perhaps not everyone has to read it, but level-setting people thinking about this problem means they can make better decisions about landscape.
            * Aeva: would imagine audience includes anyone who leads security effort in other foundations, software repos, large project maintainers, outside immediate OpenSSF circle. Have I missed something?
            * Michael S: I think individual maintainers might get less than folks who are responsible for the broad ecosystem security or who want to see the full view. So some maintainers in large projects or foundations make sense. Perhaps dozens to hundreds of people in this category. Broad readership would be nice but not necessarily target audience.
            * Aeva: would also like to talk to mktg etc to see how to get in front of right eyeballs.
        * Security Insights spec for communicating machine-readable metadata. Focused on things that can’t be detected automatically and need a human to attest.
            * Would like for OpenSSF to adopt this for its own repos.
                * Arnaud notes not all projects are under ossf org, any policies should apply across all orgs
                * Note that security insights isn’t a *policy* it’s a way to share certain kinds of info.
            * “Security-related information you can’t determine automatically”.
        * Security reviews, repo of reviews against OSS packages. AO or others.
            * “One stop shop” for past reviews about an OSS package.
            * Integrated into prototype dashboard, we’d like to integrate into new ones too.
        * Disclosure check, tool to help A-O to identify best way to private disclose vuln to package maintainer.
            * Reads security.md, reads READMEs etc to sniff security emails etc.
            * Repo moved under ossf org
            * Would like to put out blog post
    * Securing Critical Projects - Amir Montazery and Jeff Mendoza
        * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19ZyEcoeSJf_bUlezimuUIsh4NqZTrhrFiW3UgofEXt4/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19ZyEcoeSJf_bUlezimuUIsh4NqZTrhrFiW3UgofEXt4/edit?usp=sharing) 
        * Finished second iteration (v1.1) of Set of Identified Critical Projects [link forthcoming]
            * Preparing for publishing, announcement, system for accepting feedback
            * Part of the question was “what is the purpose? Why do we care?” It helped to write down what we figured purpose is. Feedback on wording (see slides) is welcome.
            * Help from TAC: feedback on how to best manage, curate, analyze the set. Right now manual, community-driven. Shouldn’t just fall on Amir and Jeff to do.
            * Randall has worked on porting to GitHub-based solution for management and nomination.
        * OSTIF ran and published 3 security audits funded by AWS: SimpleJSON, Libcap, C-ares
        * Allstar: manages GH orgs and scans config for best practices
            * No major updates. Fixing bugs, adding features.
        * Criticality Score
            * More dev. Working toward v2. Struggling with GH rate limits.
            * Useful metric when working on critical projects set.
        * Package Analysis - no updates
        * Questions:
            * Input on how to manage/curate etc the Critical Set
            * Looking for more details on how other WGs are using the Set, how the Critical Projects WG fits into the larger picture at OpenSSF.
                * Considering doing a “road show” with other WGs to introduce the Critical Set
                * If you hear folks talking about missing projects in OpenSSF view let us know
                * Knowing how it gets used would help with deciding how to best manage the Set
            * Zach: getting out the Critical Set would be great for getting awareness and engagement
            * Arnaud: we should try to leverage our tools for ourselves. If we don’t lead by example it weakens our premise.
            * Arnaud: On Critical Set, do maintainers know they’re on this list? When we did MFA outreach folks were often surprised.
                * Jeff Mendoza: we don’t want to limit uses
                * Amir: we haven’t contacted projects, been focused on justifying which projects belong in Critical Set
            * David Edelsohn: Thanks for work so far! One of the issues is that we created the original Critical Set from a variety of sources and means. How do we take this information and include it in a broader pipeline for OpenSSF? We as WG don’t have a broader arc or story about what this information will be used for. So if we go to a project and say “you’re on the list”, then what? How can we with TAC create a pipeline to utilize the information / identify downstream consumers for the info?
            * CRob: to wrap up, see two outcomes for asks from both groups. Omkhar is working to document his vision, we need to include things like Critical Set and JTBD at Foundation level. We should make an issue in TAC or Critical Projects WG repo to start a dialogue and brainstorm how to socialize in the OpenSSF and make plans. Ultimately set up call to formulate that plan to leverage the work.
            * Aeva: who is relying on this today?
                * Amir: not aware of anyone specifically. OSTIF can refer to it.
                * Jacques: SOSSA will require CISA to do something similar, likely the Critical Set will have an impact on their work if SOSSA passes.
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    *  [CFP for OpenSSF Day EU](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openssf-day-europe/program/cfp/) is open now - submit to speak through July 7
    * Hearty call for submissions
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals) - ISSUES & PRs filed in TAC Repo
    * [TAC Issue 172](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/172) - GUAC - _10 min_
        * Applying for contribute GUAC as an incubating project
        * Under development since summer 2022. Intended to be a software supply chain knowledge graph ingesting stuff like SBOMs, SLSA attestations, VEX etc etc into queryable form.
        * We think after convos with End Users and Supply Chain Integrity WGs this would be a good fit for OpenSSF.
        * In terms of governance we come to TAC first then WG. SCI WG has some interest in being the home WG for GUAC.
        * Lots of community participation - Yahoo, a hedge firm, law firm, Guidewire etc. Aside from participants like Kusari, Google, Purdue.
        * CRob: feels like this would land in Supply Chain Integrity WG. How do you see it complementing things like SLSA and S2C2F?
            * Mike L: one thing is we ingest SLSA metadata to ask questions like “does this package have an attestation? Did it come from trusted source?” Then with stuff like FRSCA it can be be generating all the source docs that go into the graph.
        * Arnaud: two parts - the software and the public instance. Which is being contributed?
            * Mike L: discussion on what that instance would look like. Some interest on Google to create GUAC public instance for “top” packages.
        * Arnaud: we heard from Michael Scovetta about dashboard. Is there some connection or should there be?
            * Mike L: hasn’t been but great minds thing alike. Lots of folks are saying “now we have all this data in source docs, what do we do with it?” Integration with a nice front end dashboard would be awesome.
        * Dan Applequist: have been talking about data licensing with various folks. Please think about (data) licensing upfront.
            * Mike L: one of key items in our design doc is not to have to get into PII. Also don’t want to have to deal with safety.
            * Also, outward licensing: clearly signpost the license for the data that’s being sent (it could be CC0) to make it clear how people can use the data. We’re having increasing problems with that.
            * Related: license of incoming documents. GUAC has a concept of a “subject” & can attach information to that (“this subject granted this license’)
            * We can also identify the source.
        * Crob: TAC members how do we feel about the proposal to incubate GUAC?
            * Aeva: as project and codebase very useful. If it went to vote I would thumbs up for sandbox, incubation need more time. Public service ascept needs to be cleared up first.
            * Arnaud: want to ensure we follow exact process, we need to open a PR (it’s an issue atm).
            * CRob: also need to do IP review.
            * Zach: agree with Aeva about delineation of project and service. Do we need a specific TAC sponsor to move forward?
                * CRob: we _would_ need a sponsor
            * Bob C: +1 to other comments. Happy to be TAC sponsor.
            * CRob: also agree value in exploring.
            * Dustin: In favor.
            * TAC is agreeable, need to fix procedural steps, Bob Callaway will be sponsor.
        * Chat discussions noted the amusing naming involved here. We now have, in computer supply chains, the following: SMBA, SLSA, GUAC, TACOS, and the CHIPS Act.
    * [TAC Issue 173](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/173) - Adopt Contributor Ladder - _10 min _
        * Dustin: have some folks interested in being maintainers of Scorecard. Process for contributing is unclear. Propose ladder based on sigstore ladder. Would make sense for all projects have clear uniform ladder. Summarizing discussion: lots of detail in the ladder, might be too much for nascent projects. Maybe we can mitigate by saying it’s a suggestion or template or example to refer to.
        * CRob: would be nice to have a process/template.
        * Arnaud: have discussed a lot of the issue. Where I stand is there is value but we need to make it as minimal as possible. Don’t want to wind up in situation where WGs have unused/undefined TSCs. Number of roles is overwhelming. Worried complexity will deter new maintainers.
        * Bob C: in favor of mandating that projects in OpenSSF have _a_ ladder but would only go as far as linking to examples.
        * CRob: expect we’ll return to this at future date to finalize. Ask we come back with results and recommendations.
* —-----------------—-------------------------- Time Ran Out Here —---------------------------------------------
    * [TAC Issue 161](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/161) - [OpenSSF Workstream Taxonomy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gwEdJM8WrgLJ3fvKXBfmwSS8G5TzD7rx-3Dwfzuq4I8/edit?usp=sharing) - _10 min _
        * Plea from Zach: please read the doc or reach out to Zach
* Updates on older matters 
    * Follow-up on [TAC Issue 149](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/149) - Adopt Vuln Disc Policy
    * Follow-up on [TAC Issue 169 ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/169)- Maintainer experience 
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * None this week
    * Please flag any issues for voting for next meeting
* AOB
    * 


---


### Meeting Notes

_Here is where the actual meeting notes go, not above in the agenda_



*  Homework Notes
    * 
* Group Update Notes
    * 
* Staff Notes
    * 
* New Work Notes
    * 
* Old Matter Updates
    * 
* Voting
    * 
* AOB
    * 


---


