# **2023-04-18 Meeting**
**Attendance (please add yourself):**

* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* CRob (Intel) (TAC)
* [Aeva Black](mailto:aeva.black@microsoft.com) (TAC)
* Dan Lorenc (TAC)
* Brian Behlendorf (OpenSSF)
* Jonathan Leitschuh (OpenSSF)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Kurt Taylor (LF)
* Dustin Ingram (Google) (TAC)
* Jennifer Bly (LF/OpenSSF)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Khahil White (OpenSSF)
* Luigi Gubello (Pitch)
* Sarah Evans (Dell)
* Victor Lu
* Jeff Borek (IBM)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)

Regrets:



* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC, _Transitioning off_**)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC, _Transitioning off_**)

Agenda:



* Update: Appointment of 3 new TAC members via GB
    * GB voting is underway, voting period closes at 11:59 ET April 23, 2023
    * Expect that at next TAC meeting we’ll have a full TAC
* <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Given transitional TAC membership, this meeting was quorate</span>
* (_10 min max_): [Dustin Ingram] Update from **Securing Software Repos WG**
    * Mission is to bring together the maintainers of software repositories and registries to discuss shared problems.
    * Chaired by myself, with significant support from Jacques Chester and Zach Newman
    * We meet every two weeks in alternating APAC/EMEA friendly times
    * Usually 10-20 attendees depending on agenda
    * Last update to the TAC was in December 2022
    * Key items completed w/ support from the WG:
        * SLSA: Lots of discussion and collaboration around SLSA distribution and discovery before 1.0
            * Published [https://slsa.dev/spec/v1.0/distributing-provenance](https://slsa.dev/spec/v1.0/distributing-provenance) with significant input from WG members
            * Support for npm build provenance beta and attestation format
        * Finalized our survey of open source software repos
            * Published “[Taking the Pulse of Leading Software Repositories’ Security](https://openssf.org/blog/2023/04/04/taking-the-pulse-of-leading-software-repositories-security/)” on the OpenSSF blog
            * Summarized [key takeaways and recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tV8YHaHM3HDn1G4-Qv6iaUhyJA-U_VReLswxwH1n7To/edit)
    * OIDC: supported ‘trusting publishing’ for software repos via OIDC
        * PyPI support in beta, launch this week: [https://docs.pypi.org/trusted-publishers/](https://docs.pypi.org/trusted-publishers/) 
    * In progress/upcoming:
        * Proposal/implementation for shared dataset of malware
            * Issue: How do we share without alerting attackers?
            * Issue: data sharing within open source communities typically lack legal protections (NDAs, etc). 
        * Recommendation on how to “best” prevent dependency confusion attacks 
* [Luigi Gubello] Presentation of v.1.0 of [OpenSSF Inbound Security Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/1m9lVEPiufRWkIT060mS5YuNXDSh4pVhizy3VKdbl9UU/edit) ([ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures/issues/128](https://github.com/ossf/wg-vulnerability-disclosures/issues/128))
    * Quick review of the policy
    * The OpenSSF policy needs the LF Counsel approval
    * Agree on the In-Scope list and point-of-contact for reports
* [Jonathan Leitschuh] Reminder Request for Feedback: [Proposal: Open Source Security Foundation Vulnerability Disclosure Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W2Xfw9i5pSA-0XbIw3a4kcW2o4PByxDbjcnWe9mlQwA/edit#heading=h.k6iyp023mfls)
* (_10 min max_): [CRob] Update from **Vulnerability Disclosure WG**
    * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BcnyxhF2LxVtSxRMNN6pRu3k2GOnAKrsAvMWDfyvGew/edit#slide=id.g13dc63f7ee3_0_114](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BcnyxhF2LxVtSxRMNN6pRu3k2GOnAKrsAvMWDfyvGew/edit#slide=id.g13dc63f7ee3_0_114) 
    * There was general agreement that this format was excellent for giving a WG summary!
* FYI: Sterling Toolchain RFC: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/151](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/151) [[doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z4YxuT6yzbgrNlUpgTbJhuKv5ngdsd6O8Dz5yRTepgs/edit#heading=h.r17cemgdt4tw)]
    * Please comment, as we try to turn the abstract idea into a reality
* If you’re going to RSA, let’s meet up!!


