# **2023-02-21 Meeting**
**Attendance (please add yourself):**



* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Rosaria Carr (Indeed)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* Brian Behlendorf (Linux Foundation)
* Kurt Taylor (LF)
* Jennifer Bly (LF)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC** Vice Chair)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* Jory Burson (LF)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Dan Appelquist (Snyk)
* Andrew Aitken (Wipro)
* Jamie Magee (Microsoft)
* David Edelsohn (IBM)

Regrets:



* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC** Chair)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)

Agenda:



* Who is on the program committee for OpenSSF Day? What other information is on the OpenSSF Day?
    * CFP closes: Friday, March 17th by end-of-day
    * Preference for shorter updates, calls-to-action. 
    * Brian: Request for outside speakers.
    * Program Committee:
        * Elisa Ortiz
        * benny Vasquez
        * Rhonda Edwards
        * Velichka Atanasova
        * Tracy Ragan
        * Trishan de Lanerolle
        * Josh Bressers
    * CRob: if tolks have submitted to, or been accepted to, other OSSummit tracks, whats the best policy? A little repetition isn’t bad.
    * This will happen the first day of the OSS NA Summit, because alternatives seemed worse. Avoiding overlap with summit, are providing lunch (will help keep people near!)
    * OpenSSF Day is a $25 add-on to the OSSummit main event ticket (covers food), folks are welcome to move between “events”.
* Election update from OpenSSF staff / TAC Elections
    * [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/139](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/139) 
    * Georg Kunz summarized the status and PR
    * Aeva: We don’t have quora, so let’s vote electronically/asynchronously, ASAP
    * What should TAC members pay attention to?
        * How much time for these periods be open, e.g., nomination time?
        * Nomination statement/Bio for candidates, mailing list? GitHub? 250 words currently - Aeva thinks that’s short - maybe 500 words?
        * It’s not clear we have a clear definition of TAC responsibilities. For now, let’s point to the charter, but in the future maybe explain in more detail - a “job description”. Maybe TAC can work on that.
        * Can’t vote here.
    * Let’s have TAC votes on the PR. Once voted, we can move on, but we really need the TAC to vote on this, we’re a little behind the ball & don’t want a lot of delay.
    * Aeva: Let’s round up all TAC members to quickly approve this basic process. All TAC members, please vote on the electronic form at: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/139](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/139)
    * Thank you election committee members!! 
    * Schedule is in #139.
* Need to reschedule project/WG cadence for updates to TAC
    * Volunteers for 3/7: EUWG and BESTWG
* Review open PRs/issues on TAC repo / funding requests
    * [[Proposed Initiative] OpenSSF OSS-SIRT Mobilization Plan Review · Issue #131 · ossf/tac (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/131)
    * [[Funding Request] - OSS-Security mailing lists ecosystem and support vulnerability disclosure · Issue #132 · ossf/tac (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/132)
    * [[Funding Request] OpenSSF Slack Upgrade to Slack Pro · Issue #138 · ossf/tac (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/138)
    * [[Proposed Initiative] OpenSSF EDU.SIG Mobilization Plan Review · Issue #134 · ossf/tac (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/134)
    * [Project contribution] IP policy and license review for Repository Service for TUF
    * Brian gave a “real talk” description of the funding climate and process. Lots of organizations have taken a hit, economics makes things harder. That said, a TAC vote is valuable - it’s a signal of importance. It makes it easier to propose budget changes for GB, fund-raise, etc. We had a lot pledged last year, but much hasn’t been received - we can use these statements try to help us to get things pledged.
* Process for TAC review - given #132, should we keep using this process?
    * Generally, yes. It was helpful to have the ability to discuss it & show that publicly.
    * Slack: I hate Slack, it’s not a permanent system of record for decisions.
    * Having long-form (emails) & short-form (chat like Slack) is helpful.
    * Discussions with Slack have been personality-driven.
    * GitHub issues aren’t good for people getting started, because they’re very focused - it’s not clear to newcomers where to get started.
    * We clearly want a real-time communication track (Slack or something else), the question is, is it worth paying for more for Slack?
    * Key: Understand the *ROLE* of Slack. BIG problem right now is that it’s easy to have a decision made on Slack & not memorialize. CNCF had a chatbot to archive everything.
    * Brian: There is a value to forgetting! Some people may hesitate to join if they’re recorded.
    * Aeva: Slack *DOES* keep the record, if we upgraded the “old” messages would re-appear.
    * Real-time comm has its place, need to make it clear when it’s useful & when it shouldn’t be used. Maybe need a short policy, e.g., when you land on Slack. LF Staff could draft something & bring to TAC.
    * Arnaud: Hyperledger tried out many systems, ended up on Discord.
    * Switching costs are high. If LF is hosting something specially, that would be a good thing. Discord is a nice system, but not really for work.
    * Do need to remind people that it’s not really ephemeral.
    * For comments of record, GitHub issues are a great place.
* FYI - followup from last meeting, Thanks to those who volunteered to speak at our next Town Hall - we have scheduled it for Thursday, March 16 at 10 AM PT – Watch for the registration to open this week


