# **2023-05-16**


## Attendance ((please **Mark your name in black if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)



* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, **TAC**)
* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC**)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub, **TAC**)
* Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
* Amanda Martin (LF)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Kurt Taylor (LF)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Gabi Stefanini (Shopify)
* Ryan Ware (Intel)
* Jacques Chester (independent)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Carlos O’Donell (Red Hat, CTI)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, CTI)
* Dan Appelquist (Snyk)
* Sarah Evans (Dell Technologies)
* Georg Kunz (Ericsson)

TAC Member Regrets



* Dustin Ingram (Google, **TAC**)


### Agenda:



* Request volunteer for scribe
    * Jacques agrees
    * David A Wheeler also hops in
* Determine TAC quorum
    * Meeting is quorate
* Update homework/outstanding ARs
    * Noted for future meetings
* Congratulations: Chair - Christopher "CRob" Robinson and Vice Chair - Arnaud Le Hors
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    * Core Toolchain Infrastructure (CTI) - David Edelsohn & Carlos O’Donell
        * Formerly known as GNU Toolchain Infrastructure (GTI) but it’s been renamed per request of FSF.
        * Produced final analysis of 2023 services needs. First estimated costs for 4 toolchain projects. Then revisited with an estimate for a single project. CY23 discussions are still ongoing with OpenSSF and LF members.
        * They’re going to start doing this with 1 project, then repeat
        * Preparing 1-page leaflet.
        * Needs a TAC vote on LF IT proposal. GNU stewards to decide on the proposal from their side. 
        * Funding approval TBD.
        * If the transition is approved, execute the transition.
        * The whole point is to ensure there’s a secure software supply chain.
        * Many runtimes rely on glibc et al. They’re working with Rust project as well & expect to work with others, since other languages depend on the C runtime (often glibc).
        * Note that its budget is handled differently.
        * CTI has a mailing list, those interested can sign up.
        * CTI has its own TAC, you can see what it’s doing.
        * Presentation link: [CTI presentation to the OpenSSF TAC (2023-05-16)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1414fOl4mPaU7qC4KgrZfrMFG3KWcLPkWmK8LMKrNKqQ/edit#slide=id.g2249e027b8b_0_0)
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    * Starting 17 May - [OpenSSF Software Security Awareness Survey](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12SudK83SJYJpiro3_AKV9HUBxs0ep85ydWcv1sjc1h0/edit?usp=sharing)
        * Self selected to assess the market awareness of OpenSSF
        * Putting out on social media tomorrow, asking for help boosting the survey
        * Arnaud: assume this not for folks highly active in OpenSSF, but more for general awareness
            * Yes, but folks here can help boost. Survey has qualifying questions to filter out respondents.
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals)
    * More generally, would like to raise issues via GitHub, discuss there ahead of time, then address at TAC meeting
    * [TAC Issue 129](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/129) - Technical Vision - _5min_
        * To wrap up outstanding issues from last year and see if we have alignment to approve
        * Zach: mentions key stakeholders to check in with. Who are they?
            * Aeva: says her comment answers that
            * Bob C: view key stakeholders as not only GB, but also OSS foundations, individual projects. Folks who are using OpenSSF’s output as well as those wanting to align with the work. End users as well as projects looking to adopt OpenSSF outputs.
            * Aeva: right now we have no mechanism for those stakeholders. We have GB and participating folks, but no formal means for affiliated/friendly foundations to participate and have a voice. We need to create a way for them to have a stake.
            * Bob: Folks from foundations like Eclipse have joined the TAC call before. But hear sentiment that we should be more proactive about outreach and engagement.
            * Aeva: not quite what I meant. If I view OSSF as service org, we provide useful to others. They could show up and say things but there is no structural means to have a stake or vote. If we do something they dislike they can only stop accepting services.
            * Bob: note that Eclipse is a member. PArt of vision to have relationship with stakeholders. That there are feedback mechanisms in place. In the text we identify stakeholders, means for feedback. Ideally friction would be removed. Some improvement needed, getting to the world where we have dedicated attention to it.
        * Aeva: would love to see that all tools, improvements etc are intended to be available at zero cost.
            * CRob: excellent feedback, asks for feedback in issue.
        * We envision a future where participants in the open source ecosystem use and share high quality software, with security handled proactively, by default, and as a matter of course.  An aspirational view of the future we seek to create in 2-5 years:
        * **OpenSSF is a well-respected strategic partner to large OSS foundations and individual OSS projects**
            * OpenSSF is clearly positioned within broader ecosystem with a clear, altruistic charter
            * Periodically review the value proposition of OpenSSF with key stakeholders
            * Joint OKRs on shared execution, utilization of OpenSSF-managed tools & content
            * Roadmap alignment: if overlap exists between OpenSSF and another stakeholder, either publicly document rationale OR create/document/execute a convergence plan
            * OpenSSF speaks with a trusted voice to users, contributors, and the broader market
        * **OpenSSF is an influential advocate for mutually-beneficial external efforts and an educator of policy decision makers**
            * Support creation & use of meaningful, actionable standards (e.g. SBOM formats, MFA)
            * OpenSSF advocates for various actors (including maintainers, contributors, and adopters) in the open source ecosystem to improve their default security posture, and catalyzes efforts to reduce or eliminate friction in achieving that state; for example (but not exclusively):
                * SLSA ensures tampering and other security threats to the software supply chain of open source projects, groups, and communities are reduced and/or eliminated
                * Memory Safety efforts that aim to eliminate entire classes of security threats through using memory safe programming languages where possible
            * Advocacy may be statements of support, education material, and/or direct funding
        * **Consumers of OSS can leverage clear & consistent trusted signals to better understand the security profile of open source content**
            * Including (but not exclusively) provenance of source code & artifacts, security posture of projects and artifacts, community health metrics, vulnerability information, and measures of consumer demand (e.g. criticality score)
            * Consumers of OSS quickly understand the maintainer’s intentions regarding not only the license but also the project’s security posture (e.g. project archived, accepting PRs, etc)
            * All consumers of OSS (including producers of OSS who consume dependencies) will have access to training, tooling, and security information to make educated choices as they interact with the open source ecosystem
        * **Producers of OSS (of all skill levels) have the ability to proactively and reactively address both existing and emergent security threats**
            * Best practices guides & education materials that ensure both current and future OSS developers obtain & maintain sufficient secure development skills
            * Extremely low-friction, automated tooling to make security processes less onerous, more accurate, and trusted (burden of maintenance offloaded through opt-in automation)
            * Ability to start new projects from a more secure default position
            * Ensure sufficient staffing, auditing, continuous testing, rigor for critical projects
    * [TAC Issue 161](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/161) - SIG, SIF, AP lifecycle & process documentation - _> 5min_
        * Desire to have small group create documentation for last outstanding foundation groups
        * Bob, Zach, Ryan and Jennifer express interest.
        * Aeva: small note. Changes to some may need GB approval. Some refinements may not. Best to bear these in mind.
            * CRob: yes. We would review at TAC. Incl. whether to refer to GB for approval.
            * ANYONE ELSE WANT ON THE INVITE: Dan, Ryan. 
            * Dan: it is acceptable for non-TAC members to be involved?
            * CRob: if you are interested feel free to be involved.
    * [TAC Issue 162](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/162) - Foundation groups documentation audit  -_ > 5min_
        * Desire to have small group review all existing foundation group documentation & repos
            * Jacques, Arnaud, Zach volunteer.
            * Zach: I would suggest bucketing into near-term, long-term reviews. Could do quick wins.
    * [TAC Issue 163](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/163) - TAC comments on the CRA & PLD update for the OpenSSF public policy committee (PPC) -_ 10min_
        * Conversation at OSS-NA; initial list of talking points crafted, seeking review
        * Public Policy Committee (PPC) has alredy done some analysis, have asked TAC for impacts of the legislation from technical/security POV. Can work out what response to make.
        * Aeva: adding some color. PPC has already done a lot of analysis on policy/business impact. What they’re asking for is if these acts go into effect, are they technically feasible? Separating political/financial/business impacts from technical impacts.
        * CRob: we had a prelim discussion at OSS NA conference. Started google doc, looking for participation.
        * Brian B: bunch of amendments floating around in legislative process of being worked on. Opaque and political. Dedicated folks are trying to bend it. This proposal is separate from that effort. Depending on amendments outcome could range from slightly positive to very negative. Question is: what are net security ramifications? Tough to separate from biz/$$ implications. The place for OpenSSF as collective might be to focus on merits of approaches. Will depend how amendments play out over next 1-2 months.
        * Arnaud: initially framed as merely impact. Liked the way Aeva mentioned feasibility.
        * CRob: PPC meets this week and again on June 1st. Should have analysis by then, preferably by last few days of May. If interest in committee, encourage that as well.
        * Arnaud: don’t know if it’s a real problem, security people and OpenSSF already gave public feedback and warned about negative impacts on OSS devs. We basically said we embrace this, now we seem to be backpedaling, may not so great.
            * CRob: outcome of this task is not to talk to parliamentarians, it is a fact-gathering session for membership, PPC and GB. We’re late in the game. In future CRA “2.0” we can be more prepared in advance. So focus is on our own membership.
            * Brian B: even after amendments are adopted (if any), there will be local variation in how Act is implemented in different countries. So there will be an opportunity to guide/encourage regulators in their interpretation of the legislation.
            * Arnaud: not sure if folks know that there are 2 steps. CRA sets requirements. Then EU Commission turns to standards community for guidance on how to implement. Not sure if we can rely on those standards bodies to defend OSS.
            * CRob: reminder that some of we folks work for large orgs with lobbying resources, but many do not. Can help those less well-resourced members to react.
    * [TAC Issue 151](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/151)- Defining the “Sterling Toolchain” -_ 5min_
        * Conversation at OSS-NA; Setting up weekly call to collab
        * Zach: from reading docs from Vancouver discussion, love the idea of existing or emerging security capabilities and how to apply across OSS ecosystem (eg package managers). One thing learned from previous collabs is that often these orgs have existing security roadmaps (eg PyPI’s “fundable packaging improvements”, seen lots of success with this approach). In some Sterling Toolchain convos would encourage us to think about helping existing orgs to develop “fundable” lists.
        * [CRob: presents WIP diagram ](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T019QHUBYQ3-F057TACC789/diagram.png)(@CRob can you link here?)
        * Dan: hoping to input “toolchain as platform”, don’t want OpenSSF to compete with its members.
            * CRob: if we take security arch approach. eg. Secure IDE as a pattern. We wouldn’t necessarily write one but would document requirements for one.
            * Dan: would encourage also things like scorecard to build ecosystem.
        * Arnaud: my understanding OpenSSF had an open req to hire an architect. This seems like something they should be involved in.
            * Brian B: been looking at candidates and talking to some. But don’t think this work should be held up pending a hire.
        * Sign up on DOODLE to find an agreeable time - [https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/ermrDRKd](https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/ermrDRKd) 
        * Slack channel: [https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C057BN7K19B](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C057BN7K19B)
    * [TAC Issue 164](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/164) - Create access management policies for github.com/ossf - _10min_
        * Zach: Jordan Harband has been working on this. Wanted to take this work and bring it through formal channels. Jordan has written doc on how to manage perms. Right now individuals are added to repos as needed. But there’s no second half of lifecycle, just accruing folks over time. Jordans proposal has 2 parts: (1) to have teams, (2) opening up OpenSSF github org so that anyone with GH account could join and display on their profile as indication of support. Still to settle would be how that process of joining works.
            * CRob: Best Prac WG and Vuln Disc WG have been guinea pigs for RBAC of our GH repos. Slow accretion of accounts is a challenge.
            * Aeva: endorse moving to RBAC. But would like to understand implications of open membership to OpenSSF org. Comes from question of who is the electorate. Most WGs don’t have a defined electorate. For TAC election OpenSSF staff review activity to determine who has been active. It’d be helpful to staff if there was a simple membership list, but how to ensure it’s accurate over time and avoid thousands joining just for the badge. That needs to be figured out first but do like the ideas of public recognition of members and list of who is active in the org.
            * Arnaud: Agreed 2nd part of proposal is more difficult. So suggest to split into 2 proposals. For first part see no downsides other than effort needed to implement RBAC.
                * Aeva: dovetails into other proposals about improving processes. Standard in on/offboarding to add/remove someone from membership.
                * CRob: part of #161 to deal with how voting works to be established.
                * Brian B: plead we use term “member” for sponsoring companies and use “contributor” for humans, and “maintainers” for WG / SIG level.
        * Zach volunteers to help. Aeva interested in discussion around define / track contributors and maintainers.
        * You can view existing proposal at [https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/155/files](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/155/files) 
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * None this week
    * Please flag any issues for voting for next meeting
* AOB
    * None this week


### Meeting Notes



* Oops
    * See “agenda” for notes


