# **2023-09-05**


## Attendance ((please **mark an “X” if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name/Affiliation</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>GH ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway (Google, <strong>TAC</strong>)  
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>CRob (Intel, <strong>TAC</strong>, <strong>BEST WG facilitator & Disc facilitator, End User WG</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Daniel Appelquist (Snyk, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>torgo
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Dustin Ingram (Google, <strong>TAC, Securing SW Repos WG Lead)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>di
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Michael Lieberman <strong>(TAC)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mlieberman85
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Zach Steindler (GitHub, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>steiza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Amanda Martin (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>hythloda
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David Edelsohn (IBM, <strong>CTI co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White (Microsoft)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jonathan Leitschuh (OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Michael Scovetta (Microsoft, <strong>Alpha-Omega, ID Security Threat WG lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans (Dell Technologies)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Nigel Brown
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>therealnb
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Maximilian Huber (TNG)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>maxhbr
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Aeva Black (CISA)
   </td>
   <td>they/them
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Adrianne Marcum (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>afmarcum
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>brianf
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Spencer Schrock (Google)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>spencerschrock
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Ian Dunbar-Hall (Lockheed Martin)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>idunbarh
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Sal Kimmich
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Arun Gupta
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Marina Moore
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Aditya Sirish (NYU, in-toto, gittuf)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>adityasaky
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Justin Cappos
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



### Agenda:

_Agenda Items should be entered no less than 24 hours prior to call.  New business should be logged as an [Issue ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues)in the TAC repository._



* Request volunteer for scribe
    *  David A. Wheeler will help!
* Determine TAC quorum
    *  We have TAC quorum!
* Update homework/outstanding ARs
    * Noted for future meetings
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    *  BEST WG - CRob
        * [&lt;link to preso>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BPSYzk9J33Xl08uekuDBlgJjhiJIMt5B_eBvZ9PetIo/edit#slide=id.g24e2f2581b2_0_147)
        * Scorecard - recently added support for GitLab (previously only supported GitLab), read the blog for more info!
        * Secure Software Guiding Principles (focusing on suppliers) - will have discussion soon
        * David A. Wheeler & CRob are presenting in Bilbao, Spain
        * We have a “Simple process” for generating better web display
        * We’ll announce best practices for forges like GitHub and GitLab, going live Sep 18. We’d love assistance in augmenting this
        * Working on guide for C/C++ hardening options. Probably October release. Plan to integrate with memory-safe SIG.
        * “Security Toolbelt” group adopted into best practices WG
        * Has anything spun down?
            * We’ve archived “great MFA distribution” - don’t have any active work, retiring but everyone can still still access materials.
            * CRE partnership - also moved into “greatest hits”
        * We’re trying to apply threat modeling to software supply chair process in general
    * End User Working Group (EUWG) - Jonathan
        * &lt;link to preso>
        * (WG leads aren’t here, not sure what happened.)
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    * **Next TAC call would be 19Sept, which collides with OSS-EU.  We will cancel that call and hold next session 3October**
    * FYI Linux Foundation is working on a vuln disclosure statement: essentially if you’ve uncovered a vulnerability with a foundation/project within LF, report directly to that foundation/project and not to the LF. Many projects in the OpenSSF already have SECURITY.md files to tell people how to report vulnerabilities, David created several pull requests to add ones that were missing.
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals) - ISSUES & PRs filed in TAC Repo
        * Archive process approved for use? [Issue #197](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/197) 
* Updates on older matters 
    * **INFORM **- Governance Committee [Issue 14](https://github.com/ossf/Governance-Committee/issues/14) - [TAC Request] Finalize discussion around appropriate number of TAC seats and TAC election process - Arnaud
    * **OFFLINE REQUEST -** can we merge [TAC PR 182](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/182) - Update SIG lifecycle doc? - Zach
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * Creation of new AI/ML WG
        *  [TAC Issue 175](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/175) + [TAC Issue 188 ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/188)- AI/ML proposed WG - Nigel - _10 min _
        * People are very keen to continue. There are 2 different documents in progress, and have some other ideas for future work.
        * When we met originally, needed TAC sponsor, mission statement. Now have TAC sponsor & mission statement (a little nebulous, but that’s true for AI/ML in general). Are working on gap analysis. AI group are coming from AI viewpoint, we’re coming from a security viewpoint.
        * Would like approval of this WG as an OpenSSF WG. LF AI & Data group want the support! If we don’t get the WG approval, people will move on somewhere else. No cost to OpenSSF to approve it!
        * Zach Steindler: We’re asking for this to be created as an incubating WG.
        * Nigel: Incubating is fine, that’s up to the TAC.
        * Michael Lieberman: I want to understand what is in and out of scope. Would supply chain of AI/ML be part of this WG?
        * Michael Scovetta: I'd suggest that the AI/ML working group focus on issues unique or significantly different for AI/ML vs. things that would apply to other types of software/systems.
        * Sal: There are many groups focusing on end-users, but little focuses on the security of OSS when using AI/ML.
        * Dan: I think there’s enough to work on in AI/ML specifically to create its own incubating WG. I’m not a hype-following. There’s a lot of hype in AI/ML. There are specific security-related things in AI/ML, including using AI/ML to write code. The leadership coming from OpenSSF is the right place for this leadership to come from.
        * David A. Wheeler:
            * I like the comment from Michael Scovetta: I'd suggest that the AI/ML working group focus on issues unique or significantly different for AI/ML vs. things that would apply to other types of software/systems.
            * Also, the TAC originally had concerns because it wasn’t significantly coordinated with AI/ML community & there was worry about duplication. The connection with the LF AI & Data Foundation resolves that concern.
        * Aeva: Widely-defined missions make WG harder to progress, so they might want to narrow.
        * Arnaud: Added link to lifecycle process: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/working-group-lifecycle.md](https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/working-group-lifecycle.md)  to demonstrate how this proposal meets the requirements to become an Incubating WG.  All but “vote by TAC” have been met (Dan is the sponsor)
        * Vote to add as new WG
            * TAC Vote Passes (unanimously)
            * Congrats to our new OpenSSF WG!
            * Nigel: Thanks! We’ll work on the focus.
            * CRob: We’re glad to have you aboard!
    * Adoption of SBomIT within the SBOM SIG
        * [TAC PR 192](https://github.com/ossf/tac/pull/192) _+ _[TAC Issue 191 ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/191)- SBomIT adoption - Ian- _10 min _
        * SBOMit = “SBOM on in-toto”. Not another SBOM specification, we’re trying to be inclusive of all SBOM formats. The goal is to verify that you’ve identified all your components, how they’re built, etc.
        * in-toto is a CNCF project (it pre-exists OpenSSF). It’s is in use by other OpenSSF projects, especially SLSA and Sigstore. There’s a history of collaboration between OpenSSF & in-toto
        * How would this be different from SLSA provenance? How can the TAC spend more time to make the tooling WG ready to accept it? Big distinctive: focus on SBOMs.
        * I’d really like to see an SBomIT example to contrast with SLSA, etc., so we can understand more clearly what’s different.
        * ?: “For full acceptance, need to see more”
        * We’re just looking for sandbox at this time.
        * CRob: I’d like someone on TAC to get docs worked out & get an offline vote. It sounds like people think there’s merit, but there’s some details.
            * Michael Lieberman: I’ll take it on.
            * Vote: Would be okay with a non-binding statement of support, but needs some work. All TAC members okay with that.
    * Recommend to GB for adoption - Secure Software Development Guiding Principles - Jessica Marz + Sarah Evans - _10min_
        * [TAC Issue 193 ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/193)
        * Please come back at next TAC call!!
* AOB
    * None this week


