# **2023-07-25**


## Attendance ((please **mark an “X” if you are here,** or add-row name/email/affiliation if joining)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name/Affiliation</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Pronouns</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>GH ID</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Arnaud Le Hors (IBM, <strong>TAC</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>lehors
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Bob Callaway (Google, <strong>TAC</strong>)  
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>bobcallaway
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>CRob (Intel, <strong>TAC</strong>, <strong>BEST WG & Vuln Disc facilitator, End User WG</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>SecurityCRob
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Dustin Ingram (Google, <strong>TAC, Securing SW Repos WG Lead)</strong>
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>di
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Zach Steindler (GitHub, <strong>TAC</strong>) - unable to attend
   </td>
   <td>he / him
   </td>
   <td>steiza
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Amanda Martin (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>hythloda
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Brian Behlendorf (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jennifer Bly (LF, OpenSSF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Omkhar Arasaratnam (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Chris de Almeida (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>ctcpip
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>torgo
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David Edelsohn (IBM, <strong>CTI co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>edelsohn
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Georg Kunz (Ericsson)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>gkunz
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jacques Chester (independent, <strong>End User WG co-lead</strong>)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>jchester
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jeffrey Borek (IBM)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Michael Lieberman
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>mlieberman85
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Kairo de Araujo (VMware)
   </td>
   <td>he/him
   </td>
   <td>kairoaraujo
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Harry Toor (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Bennett Pursell (LF)
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Adrianne Marcum (LF)
   </td>
   <td>she/her
   </td>
   <td>afmarcum
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sal Kimmich
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



### Agenda:

_Agenda Items should be entered no less than 24 hours prior to call.  New business should be logged as an [Issue ](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues)in the TAC repository._



* Request volunteer for scribe
    *  David A. Wheeler will help!
* Determine TAC quorum
    * 4 members in attendance 
    * Regrets: Zach.
* Update homework/outstanding ARs
    * Noted for future meetings
* TAC Update on Groups - _10 min _MAX each (provide template ahead as pre-read)
    *  Vuln Disclosure - CRob
        * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10iTZjfahazv9Lu6L9oYOaYko1g_RgT2auuqVHob1Kqg/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10iTZjfahazv9Lu6L9oYOaYko1g_RgT2auuqVHob1Kqg/edit) 
        * Gave overall summary. 16 regular attendees, 15+ intermittent.
        * OSV has been busy. Added some new tools: Haskell, curl, bitnami recently added - now 16 ecosystems using OSV Schema.
        * Up next: Engage with CVE Board to discuss challenges with CVE data quality.
        * OpenVEX SIG: Software spec under legal review by LF. Project leads: Puerco & Jay White & CRob. Have initial support by vulnerability scanners Trivy & Grype. Rust, .NET, and nuget are using.
        * Vulnerability Autofix SIG
    * Securing Software Repos - Dustin + Jacques
        * [&lt;link to preso>](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jzeWCCUD5u3QUXl_tBNi16wkGhEdKQtGMruQfTkzZog/edit#slide=id.p1)	
        * Goal: Build provenance for all package registries.
        * Would like to post static pages, like best.openssf.org
        * Issue 19 - want to post some static pages. Basically, need to go through [https://best.openssf.org/spp/Simplest-Possible-Process](https://best.openssf.org/spp/Simplest-Possible-Process)
        * Alpha-Omega.
        * Build provenance and code-signing for homebrew - would like to fix this.
        * Omkhar will follow up with Alpha-Omega later today about.
        * David: Is this small enough that sos.dev would be a reasonable funding source? A: I think it’s bigger than that.
        * Sal: Needs to be a simpler / clearer path.
* Michael Lieberman is new TAC member
    * Replacing Aeva Black who retired. Welcome Michael, glad you’re able to fill the rest of the term!
    * We don’t give the detailed vote counts, because we don’t want people to feel bad if they got significantly fewer votes.
    * Can the ranked results be shared? Obviously possible, but what about 0 votes?
    * Arnaud: I’ve heard the “embarrassment” argument often before. There’s no perfect solution.
    * If folks have thoughts on TAC vote - [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/65](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/65)
* Any Foundation/Staff Updates to provide (news, events, blogs, etc)
    * Omkhar will be at BlackHat - come say hi if you’re there!
    * [OpenSSF Charter element 6a](https://openssf.org/about/charter/) - Amanda - _5min_
    * OpenSSF Day EU agenda posted - [https://openssf.org/blog/2023/07/19/openssf-day-europe-agenda-now-live/](https://openssf.org/blog/2023/07/19/openssf-day-europe-agenda-now-live/)  JBLy - _5min_
    * You can register for OpenSSF Day EU here: [https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openssf-day-europe/](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/openssf-day-europe/)
* Review new work - (seeking TAC comments, edits, approvals) - ISSUES & PRs filed in TAC Repo
    * 
* Updates on older matters 
    * [TAC Issue 177](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/177) - Prioritization - Omkhar/Harry - _20min_
        * Prioritization [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p313ZP2JuiUOr9LRVI_Jmbs5w4lkwhDHQc7cNroq6N0/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p313ZP2JuiUOr9LRVI_Jmbs5w4lkwhDHQc7cNroq6N0/edit) - intend to share every other TAC. Want to share roadmap, etc. So August 22 would be next readout.
* Issues for VOTE (list issue #)
    * **None this week**
    * Please flag any issues for voting for next meeting
* AOB
    * None this week


