# **2023-01-10 Meeting**
**Attendance (please add yourself):**



* Bob Callaway (Google, **TAC** Chair)
* Josh Bressers (Anchore, **TAC**)
* CRob (Intel, **TAC**)
* Matt Rutkowski (IBM)
* Jacques Chester (Shopify)
* Phil Estes (AWS)
* Zach Steindler (GitHub)
* Brian Behlendorf (LF/OpenSSF)
* Justin Cappos (NYU, TUF, CNCF TAG-Security, etc.)
* Jonathan Leitschuh (LF/OpenSSF Alpha Omega & Dan Kaminsky Fellowship @ HUMAN Security)
* Henrik Plate (Endor Labs) 
* Dan Lorenc (Chainguard, **TAC**)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, **TAC**)
* Daniel Appelquist (Snyk)
* Abhishek Arya (Google, **TAC**)
* Piergiorgio Ladisa (SAP)
* Justin Hutchings (GitHub)
* Jennifer Bly (OpenSSF)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Arnaud Le Hors (IBM)
* Andrew Aitken (Wipro)
* Luke Hinds (Red Hat, **TAC**)
* David Edelsohn (IBM, GTI)
* Jeffrey Borek

Regrets:



* 

Agenda:



* [Issue 132](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/132) - OSS Security Mailing list funding per this proposal [CRob]
    * Currently these key mailing lists are run out of Russia, which is creating issues.
    * (Brian) No impact to staff, as the proposal is not for OSSF staff to operate it.
    * (CRob) SolarDesigner is “very open” to the list being … (how did you word that?)
    * Point of order: should CRob recuse from any vote?
        * Brian: no, not an interested party, merely brought proposal
* End Users WG Update - Jon Meadows
    * 2 proposals: [taxonomy for supply chain attacks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yzD2tryFM8LlKoIfUFELOFlcHHDcwrz7SPd4rVc-vjU/edit), and [architecture for addressing them](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15m61ZN35JTwhb_l_Tcjm3v3uGyeT1hgXyQaQZfhwyPA/edit)
    * Lexicon white paper: [2204.04008.pdf (arxiv.org)](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.04008.pdf) 
    * Aeva/Bob: has a gap analysis been done between this lexicon and terminology in existing OpenSSF work product, working groups, etc?
    * Luke: what is the expected outcome or deliverable?
    * CNCF has done some similar things - should/how can we coordinate? How do we handle those types of issues, where others are doing similar things?
        * “I'm very much in support of the *idea* of the OpenSSF having a consistent and well-defined lexicon. This echoes (and surpasses) work that I started two years ago to develop a taxonomy. 
        * I would like time to review the whitepaper in depth. If the TAC wants to proceed with this, then I would ask that WG leads also do the same and provide their feedback to the TAC insofar as performing a "gap analysis", and to check in with several peer groups as well.
        * If we were, as an org, to adopt a single lexicon like this, I believe we would want all our deliverables to (eventually) adhere to it.”
    * What does success look like?
    * What about maintenance of this? How can we handle new threats as they emerge & update the taxonomy?
    * CRob: Jonathan, what _specifically_ do you want from the TAC?
        * 1. Vote on adopting this taxonomy
        * 2. Start an initiative to pull together architecture & threat models, then align different solutions to it
    * Aeva: Need to review & go back to companies / other groups to see if there are incompatibilities that need to be addressed before agreeing to it.
    * Jacques: I think 70% of the value is in the topology of the taxonomy, the words we can jiggle a bit if we find existing terminology in widespread use.
    * Agreement to spend next 2 weeks reviewing docs and prepping communications for WGs and other stakeholders.
    * Aeva: given potential impact, important to involve wide range of stakeholders to avoid fragmentation
    * Justin Cappos: suggest applying taxonomy to collection of known incidents maintained by CNCF to see how it performs
        * Jon Meadows has tried it with In-Q-Tel dataset and looked promising
* [Issue 131](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/131) - OSS-SIRT SIG Plan proposal [CRob]
* [Slack thread ](https://openssf.slack.com/archives/C01AAV2TTEG/p1672769979926729)on PyPI Malware [Justin Hutchings]


