## Creation of a new Special Interest Group (SIG) at Sandbox stage

### Proposed focus, intent, goals, and/or deliverables

Our Motivation, Objective, and Scope are outlined in the [README of our repo](https://github.com/ossf/Memory-Safety/blob/main/README.md)

Our original deliverable was revised language for Stream 4 of the OpenSSF's Mobilization plan. Our revised language for Stream 4 is [here](https://github.com/ossf/Memory-Safety/blob/main/docs/revised-stream-4-language.md).

We also established [common definitions of memory safety terms](https://github.com/ossf/Memory-Safety/blob/main/docs/definitions.md) to refer to in our work.

Our in progress deliverables include:
* [Best Practices - Memory-Safe By Default Languages](https://github.com/ossf/Memory-Safety/blob/main/docs/best-practice-memory-safe-by-default-languages.md)
* [Best Practices - Non-Memory-Safe By Default Languages](https://github.com/ossf/Memory-Safety/blob/main/docs/best-practice-non-memory-safe-by-default-languages.md)
* [The Memory Safety Continuum](https://github.com/ossf/Memory-Safety/pull/20)

### List SIG Lead(s)
* [Nell Shamrell-Harrington](https://github.com/nellshamrell) (Microsoft, Rust Foundation)
* [Avishay Balter](https://github.com/balteravishay) (Microsoft)

### List of interested individuals
The SIG have a minimum of 3 members with 2 different organizational affiliations.
* Jay White, Microsoft
* Gabriel Dos Reis, Microsoft, [GabrielDosReis](https://github.com/GabrielDosReis)
* Charles Palmer, IBM Research, Dartmouth
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Andrew Fryer, [Andrew-Fryer](https://github.com/Andrew-Fryer)
* Justin Cappos, NYU, [JustinCappos](https://github.com/JustinCappos)
* Andrew Lilley Brinker, Mitre, [alilleybrinker](https://github.com/alilleybrinker)
* Joshua J. Drake, [jduck](https://github.com/jduck)
* Chris de Almeida, IBM, [ctcpip](https://github.com/ctcpip)
* Jordan Harband, TC39, [ljharb](https://github.com/ljharb)
 

### Governing Body
SIGs may report to an existing OpenSSF Working Group or directly to the TAC as their governing body. The SIG commits to providing the governing body quarterly updates on progress.
* [Best Practices Working Group](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers)

### SIG References
The SIG should provide a list of existing resources with links to the repository, and if available, website, a roadmap, demos and walkthroughs, and any other material to showcase the existing breadth, maturity, and direction of the SIG.
| Reference           | URL |
|---------------------|-----|
| Repo                |https://github.com/ossf/Memory-Safety                                                |
| Meeting Agenda      |https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RnIzqeKyrOJvs6vQ8xGH6TjZDoEFaGUs1NkAx--v_3Y/edit |
| OSSF Calendar Entry |Not sure how to link this, but there is one!                                         |
| Website             |     |
| Security.md         |     |
| Roadmap             |     |
| code-of-conduct.md  |https://openssf.org/community/code-of-conduct/                                       |
| Demos               |     |
| Other               |     |
